3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Jeremy Guthrie (46) throws against the New York Yankees in the first inning of a baseball game at Yankee Stadium in New York, Friday, July 29, 2011. (AP Photo/Paul J. Bereswill)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Jeremy Guthrie made one thing clear to any playoff contenders pondering a deal for him: He can help.The same could be said for Derrek Lee and Koji Uehara, too.Guthrie shut down the New York Yankees for seven innings, perhaps driving up his price in a trade, and the Baltimore Orioles got homers from Lee and Mark Reynolds in a 4-2 victory Friday night."Jeremy needed it. Jeremy's pitched well enough to have some more Ws next to his name, so I'm real proud of him tonight," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Everybody played well. There was a lot of intensity in a situation where some people may not have had it all the time."Kevin Gregg held on in a shaky ninth, striking out Brett Gardner with runners at the corners to end it.Reynolds and Lee each drove in two runs, lending some rare offensive support to the major league leader in losses. Guthrie (5-14) allowed just four hits, including Mark Teixeira's solo homer, and walked three in one of his best outings during a frustrating season."A real good win for us here against a quality team and a good pitcher," Guthrie said.The right-hander outpitched A.J. Burnett (8-9) for his first win in four career starts at Yankee Stadium. Last-place Baltimore won for the second time in 11 road games, improving to 1-6 against New York this year, as Guthrie moved to 2-7 away from home.A durable starter considered a prime trade candidate before Sunday's non-waiver deadline, Guthrie handcuffed New York's dangerous lineup by consistently keeping the ball down. He got 12 outs on grounders and four of his five strikeouts came in his last two innings."I don't anticipate anything happening," Guthrie said. "I've said it before, 99 percent of what goes on or is talked about around trade deadline doesn't ever happen. So why would you ever worry about it or think about it?"The 32-year-old Guthrie has sharp-looking wins over the Red Sox and Yankees in his past three starts. In between, he pitched pretty well in a loss to the Angels."Jeremy Guthrie's worth a lot. You saw what he's capable of today against a lineup like the Yankees," Lee said. "There's not a lot of great starting pitching that's available out there, so I'm sure he'd bring a good return."Uehara, also potential trade bait, fanned two in a scoreless eighth for Baltimore — extending his shutout streak to 15 innings. He has not given up a run in 13 outings since June 19 at Washington.Gregg pitched the ninth for his 17th save.Robinson Cano and Nick Swisher opened the inning with consecutive doubles to cut it to 4-2. One out later, Jorge Posada walked and Russell Martin grounded into a force play. That brought up Gardner, who thought he walked on a close pitch before he went down swinging.Gardner slammed his bat twice to the ground, smashing it into pieces."I didn't get any hits tonight, so it was time to retire it anyway," he said.Burnett struck out 10 and yielded five hits in eight innings. He is 0-3 in five starts since beating Milwaukee on June 29."I gave all I could out there," Burnett said. "Where I'm at now, I feel fine. I can't wait to pitch the next game."New York fell to 4-3 on a 10-game homestand against three of the AL's worst teams: Oakland, Seattle and Baltimore.In the opener of a four-game series, the start was delayed by rain for 1 hour, 49 minutes. The teams play a day-night doubleheader Saturday to make up an April 12 rainout.Burnett walked Lee with one out in the second and Reynolds hit the next pitch into the New York bullpen in right-center. The opposite-field shot was his 22nd homer of the season.Vladimir Guerrero and Lee hit consecutive doubles to center in the fourth, making it 3-0.Lee also homered to the opposite field on Burnett's first pitch with two outs in the sixth, sending a solo drive to the short porch in right.Lee began the night 2 for 11 (.182) with four strikeouts and no extra-base hits in his career against Burnett. The slick-fielding first baseman also could be on the trading block after his recent resurgence at the plate."Well, I'm sure someone would look at my numbers now compared to a couple weeks ago, it probably looks a little better. So we'll see what happens. It's something that's out of my control," Lee said. "I need to do it a lot longer than a week or two, but I definitely feel better."Teixeira connected for his 29th of the year on a full count in the bottom half of the sixth.NOTES: Baltimore plans to recall RHP Chris Tillman from Triple-A Norfolk to start the first game Saturday. LHP Zach Britton will return from Double-A Bowie to start the nightcap against another pitcher coming back up from the minors: Yankees RHP Ivan Nova was 8-4 when he was sent to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. ... Orioles LHP Mike Gonzalez was available out of the bullpen after completing his three-game suspension Thursday in Toronto. Gonzalez was punished for throwing behind Boston slugger David Ortiz on July 10 at Fenway Park. ... Guthrie improved to 4-9 in 15 career starts against the Yankees. ... Burnett dropped to 12-5 in 20 starts against Baltimore. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees' Nick Swisher hits a two-run home run off of Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Chris Tillman in the fourth inning of the first baseball game of a doubleheaderon Saturday, July 30, 2011 at Yankee Stadium in New York. Chris Tatum catches for the Orioles. (AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Resting several stars in the opener of a day-night doubleheader, the New York Yankees enjoyed watching all those fill-ins bring home a win.Nick Swisher had three hits, including a two-run homer, and New York backed Bartolo Colon with plenty of production from the bottom of the lineup to beat the Baltimore Orioles 8-3 on Saturday.Derek Jeter, Curtis Granderson and Mariano Rivera sat this one out. In their place, Eric Chavez, Chris Dickerson and Cory Wade came through."I think that we feel extremely confident regardless of who we put out there," Swisher said. "For them to go out and play the way that they did, man, you couldn't be more happy for those guys."Six players drove in at least one run for the Yankees. The final five hitters in the lineup combined to go 10 for 19 with six RBIs and six runs scored."We expect all our guys to hit, but the bottom of the order did a lot of damage today," manager Joe Girardi said. "It's always nice when everyone's contributing."Swisher also doubled and singled to pace a Yankees offense missing Jeter, Granderson and Russell Martin. All three All-Stars were rested in a game that began about 13 hours after last-place Baltimore finished off a rain-delayed 4-2 win Friday night.The nightcap was set for 7:05 p.m. to make up an April 12 rainout. Zach Britton was scheduled to face New York rookie Ivan Nova, with both starting pitchers returning from the minors.Brett Gardner had a two-run single for the Yankees, who improved to 7-1 in the season series. They have outscored Baltimore 61-25, though three of the games went to extra innings.Colon (8-6) has won consecutive outings following a three-start losing streak. The husky right-hander labored through five innings under a hot sun, throwing 105 pitches while wriggling out of three jams."All I've got to do is keep working hard and keep fighting to put up some good numbers in the second half," Colon said through a translator.Wade worked three strong innings in relief, allowing only a solo homer to Mark Reynolds. Boone Logan finished up with a scoreless ninth.Baltimore recalled touted prospect Chris Tillman from Triple-A Norfolk to make the start and he looked sharp early before fading fast.With the score tied at 2, Tillman (2-4) issued a leadoff walk to Robinson Cano in the fourth and fell behind Swisher 2-0. Swisher sent a drive to right for his 13th homer, giving New York the lead for good. No. 9 batter Francisco Cervelli added an RBI single.After making 35 pitches through three innings, Tillman doubled that total in the fourth. It was his first big league start since May 27 at Oakland."It's been a long two months," Tillman said. "It's a work in progress. It won't change overnight."The right-hander was optioned back to Norfolk between games to make roster room for Britton, called up from Double-A Bowie.In the fifth, a tough throwing error on rookie second baseman Blake Davis led to three unearned runs.Swisher's one-out double chased Tillman, and Chavez greeted lefty reliever Troy Patton with an RBI single. Jorge Posada drove in a run with a groundout, and Dickerson's single made it 8-2."When they get their opportunity to shine, you're excited for 'em," Swisher said about Dickerson and Cervelli.Tillman got off to an impressive start. He retired his first six batters, striking out four, before the bottom of the lineup got New York going in the third."Those first couple of innings, that's as good as I've seen him come out with his fastball, attacking hitters. It was encouraging, but it kind of got away from him. It was frustrating. There was a better outing for him to be had," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "It's frustrating for us because he's close to putting together a real deep outing, and I thought he was going to those first two innings."Cervelli's ground-rule double put runners on second and third. With Reynolds playing in at third to guard against a bunt, Gardner slapped a sharp grounder toward the line that deflected off Reynolds' glove for a two-run single.Reynolds singled to start a two-run fourth, when Baltimore got RBI groundouts from Craig Tatum and J.J. Hardy.Later in the inning, Adam Jones' foul ball hit plate umpire Tim Welke flush in the mask. Welke staggered backward but regained his balance — with help from Cervelli — and remained in the game.Colon struck out Jones on a full-count slider with runners at second and third to end a 35-pitch fourth. The 2005 AL Cy Young Award winner also fanned Reynolds with the bases loaded to escape unscathed in the first.Reynolds hit his 23rd homer in the eighth.NOTES: To open a roster spot for Tillman, the Orioles placed RHP Brad Bergesen on the paternity leave list. Bergesen left the team to be with his wife for the birth of their first child. He can stay on the paternity leave list for a maximum of three days. ... Jones had two hits and reached base four times. ... Orioles 1B Derrek Lee struck out looking three times. ... Dickerson was optioned to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre between games to create roster room for Nova. ... Mark Teixeira was the DH for the Yankees and Posada played 1B. ... Colon is 4-0 with a 1.32 ERA in five starts with Cervelli behind the plate. 
