3 View photosBoston Red Sox starting pitcher Andrew Miller delivers a pitch against the Baltimore Orioles during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 20, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Poor Jacoby Ellsbury. He won't get to bully the Baltimore Orioles again until September.Ellsbury hit two solo homers, Andrew Miller and three relievers combined on a two-hitter, and the Boston Red Sox defeated the Orioles 4-0 Wednesday.Adrian Gonzalez had four hits for the Red Sox, who took two of three from Baltimore to conclude their sixth consecutive winning road trip. Boston also went 2-1 at Tampa Bay.Ellsbury put the Red Sox up 1-0 in the third inning and 3-0 in the seventh. The 27-year-old outfielder has a 29-game hitting streak against the Orioles, batting .445 with six homers and 20 RBIs over that span."It's just one of those things," Ellsbury said, "I really don't know what it is. I like hitting here."Fortunately for Baltimore, the two AL East teams don't meet again until Sept. 19 in Boston. Lest the Orioles think Ellsbury saves his best for them, it should be noted that he's batting .316 with 15 homers and 54 RBIs overall."We shouldn't feel like he's picking on us," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He's having a great year, and he seems to be even better against us. You could ask the same question about (Josh) Reddick and Gonzalez."Reddick went 2 for 3 to lift his career batting average against Baltimore to .400, but on this day, Ellsbury was the catalyst."He kind of put us on his shoulders today," manager Terry Francona said. "He does that from time to time."Both drives came off Jake Arrieta (9-7), who has yielded a team-high 19 long balls in 20 starts. Ellsbury's only other two-homer game was on April 22, 2008, against the Los Angeles Angels."His job is to get on base and wreak havoc on the bases," teammate Kevin Youkilis said. "The home runs are extra."Miller (4-1) allowed two hits over 5 2-3 innings in a wild but effective performance. The 6-foot-7 left-hander issued a career-high six walks and had only one perfect inning.Still, Miller took a no-hitter into the fifth. Facing Craig Tatum with one out, he threw a pitch that floated three feet wide of the plate and rolled to the backstop. Two pitches later, Tatum grounded a single up the middle.In the sixth, Derrek Lee singled with two outs and Mark Reynolds walked to chase Miller. Former Oriole Matt Albers came in and maintained Boston's two-run lead by getting Nolan Reimold to hit into a force play.Albers also worked a perfect seventh, Daniel Bard had a 1-2-3 eighth — his club-record 21st consecutive scoreless outing — and Jonathan Papelbon got the final three outs."Albers came in and did a really good job. He's been doing a good job all year," Baltimore's Adam Jones said. "Bard came in, then Papelbon. But we should have had runs off the starter. We put ourselves in the right situation. That's all you can ask for. Getting a hit isn't easy, but putting ourselves in the situation is a start."Miller gave up three straight one-out walks in the second inning to load the bases for Tatum, who bounced into a 4-6-3 double play to end the threat."I think the double play was definitely a momentum shift," Miller said. "Fortunately, I was able to get into the game after that. If we didn't get the double play, this game likely would have gone differently."After Ellsbury connected in the third, Boston made it 2-0 in the fourth when Reddick singled, took third on a double by Carl Crawford and scored on a groundout by Jason Varitek.Arrieta allowed three runs and nine hits in seven innings, matching his longest outing of the season. He's 0-3 in his last four starts.The game's final run came in the eighth when Mark Hendrickson walked Crawford with the bases loaded.Boston's Dustin Pedroia beat out a slow roller to third base in the fifth inning to extend his hitting streak to 18 games, a career high. He has reached base in 30 straight games, also a career high.Pedroia's lone hit Tuesday night came in identical fashion.NOTES: Temperature at game time was 95 degrees. ... Red Sox DH David Ortiz and Orioles closer Kevin Gregg completed their three-game suspension for their part in a bench-clearing melee in Boston on July 8. ... Ellsbury has seven career homers against Baltimore, five at Camden Yards. He has seven homers in July, a career high for one month. ... After allowing three runs without getting an out against Boston on Monday, Mark Worrell inherited a bases-loaded jam from Hendrickson and struck out Marco Scutaro and Varitek before retiring Yamaico Navarro on a fly ball. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Tim Kurkjian thinks the Orioles should trade Jeremy GuthrieJuly 20, 2011|By Matt VenselJeremy Guthrie no doubt impressed enemy scouts during Tuesday night's win over the Red Sox. The Orioles' top starter allowed two earned runs in seven innings of work, picking up (sadly) his fourth win of 2011 and improving his ERA to 4.35. Some contending teams are interested in acquiring Guthrie, whom Dan Connolly of The Baltimore Sun believes is "someone the Orioles likely would deal this month for the right offer."Does ESPN baseball insider Tim Kurkjian think the Orioles should deal the 32-year-old right-hander?“I think they should,” Kurkjian said Wednesday on “Vinny and Kenny” on 105.7 The Fan. “He’s certainly better than a 4-13 pitcher. He’s got very good stuff. I think he could help a contender with a change of scenery. And even though there is a question out there whether he pitches just well enough to lose, I think he could help somebody and I think it would help the Orioles to move him along and get something decent in return.“Now if they can’t, then they shouldn’t move him. You can’t trade somebody who throws 95 miles per hour with great movement if you’re not going to get something for him, so I’m assuming they [will make sure they get fair value]. And they have to revamp that pitching staff, period, so maybe this is a good start. … If they get something decent -- and I mean decent -- for Jeremy Guthrie, I think they will and should trade him.” var adSkipCounter = 0; Kurkjian doesn’t think the Orioles will get a haul for Guthrie, who is as a mentor to youngsters in the team’s revolving rotation, but said they could garner a respectable prospect at the July 31 deadline.“He’s better than a lot of third, fourth or fifth starters out there, even on contenders, that’s how good his stuff is,” said Kurkjian, who used to cover the Orioles for The Baltimore Sun. “On a better team, in a bigger ballpark, he might be an effective pitcher for somebody.”[Via 105.7 The Fan]     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
