3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie throws against the Detroit Tigers in the first inning of a baseball game on Saturday, Aug. 13, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Many times this season, Jeremy Guthrie had every right to bemoan the lack of offensive support he received from the Baltimore Orioles.In his latest loss, he could only blame himself.Guthrie fell apart in the sixth inning, yielding six consecutive two-out hits in a 6-5 loss to the Detroit Tigers on Saturday night.Guthrie (5-16) was handed a 5-0 lead in the second, a rarity in a season in which he received 3.58 runs per game, the ninth-lowest run support in the AL.He took a two-hitter and a 5-1 lead into the sixth, and then it all came apart. He retired the first two batters before Magglio Ordonez doubled and Miguel Cabrera hit the next pitch over the right-field wall. Victor Martinez and Jhonny Peralta followed with singles, and Alex Avila hit a ground-rule double on a 3-0 pitch to cut the deficit to 5-4.Ryan Raburn concluded the onslaught and chased Guthrie by grounding a two-run single up the middle."Early in the game he was getting ahead and getting us to chase pitches that he wanted," Raburn said of Guthrie. "That inning we more or less made him throw the pitches we wanted to hit and got ahead in the count. I was able to hit a mistake."Guthrie was exceptional for 5 2-3 innings. Then he wasn't."Just centered a lot of balls," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said."I thought a portion of them were executed pretty well and they just were able to put a good swing on them anyway," Guthrie said. "But certainly there were some that caught a lot of the plate as well."In absorbing his major-league leading 16th defeat, Guthrie failed to go seven innings for the first time in six starts since July 14.Rookie Blake Davis hit his first major league homer and Vladimir Guerrero also connected for the Orioles, who have lost nine of 11. By dropping the first two games of the three-game set, Baltimore is 0-12-1 in its last 13 series since June 26.Adam Jones led off the Baltimore second with a single and Guerrero followed with his 10th home run, the first since July 30. Matt Wieters singled and advanced on an error by Raburn, who fielded a grounder at second base and made an errant flip to shortstop Peralta with his glove.One out later, Davis hit a three-run, opposite-field drive that barely cleared the glove of leaping left fielder Andy Dirks. The ball bounced back onto the field from beyond the wall, and the umpires reviewed the hit on a replay before deeming it a home run."I had no idea," Davis said. "I just saw the guy jump up and it looked like it hit off his glove and bounced back so I kept running around the bases. I didn't know until some guys checked-in on the video and they said it was for sure a home run."It was his first long ball in 53 at-bats and the highlight of Baltimore's first five-run inning since July 18."It's pretty awesome," Davis said.Four innings later, however, the Tigers put together a string of six consecutive hits in what would turn out to be their biggest comeback victory of the season.Detroit's previous biggest rally-to-win performance was from three runs down. This victory enabled the Tigers to maintain their three-game edge over Cleveland in the AL Central."The guys didn't quit. I'm proud of them," Leyland said. "This could have been a tough game for them."Cabrera finished with three RBIs for the Tigers, whose last eight wins have all been by one run — a club record.Max Scherzer (12-7) got the victory despite yielding five runs in the second inning. The right-hander gave up four earned runs and seven hits over seven innings, striking out a season-high 10 and walking none.Scherzer finished his outing by striking out J.J. Hardy with two outs and two on. Walking off the mound after his 120th pitch, he emphatically pounded his fist into his glove.The 12 wins matches his career high for a single season, set last year.Phil Coke worked a perfect eighth and Jose Valverde got three outs for his 35th save in 35 tries.NOTES: Detroit RHP Al Alburquerque was released from the hospital with a concussion after being struck by a line drive during batting practice on Friday. He was to be driven back to Detroit on Sunday because doctors advised him not to fly. ... Former Baltimore SS Mike Bordick was formally inducted into the Orioles Hall of Fame in a pregame ceremony. ... Ordonez is 7 for 13 lifetime against Guthrie. ... Detroit will send Doug Fister (4-12) to the mound Sunday looking for a sweep. The Orioles will counter with Jo-Jo Reyes, making his second start for Baltimore since being acquired on waivers from Toronto. 
6  Norfolk was PPD. Bowie defeated the New Britain Rock Cats 8-5. Xavier Avery was 0-4 with a strikeout, Greg Miclat was 1-4 with a run, L.J. Hoes was 2-3 with 3 runs and an RBI and Joe Mahoney was 3-3 with 2 doubles and 3 RBI. A forgettable night for Pedro Florimon, who was caught stealing and was charged with an error. I just returned from watching the Keys beat the Winston Salem Dash 6-1. It was a tailor made viewing experience for yours truly as Kipp Schutz, Jonathan Schoop and Rick Zagone all had good performances. Schutz was 2-4 with a double and a homer, Schoop was 3-5 with a double and two runs driven in and Zagone shut out the Dash over 6 innings giving up 2 hits and allowing two walks against 5 Ks. Manny Machado was 0-5, but looked good in the field. Baby Sarge also looked pretty impressive in the field, had a steal and scored both times he got on base. Randy Henry struck out two in two innings of work and allowed a run. The Shorebirds were shutout by the Suns 2-0. Nothing to see here on offense (one walk, one hit), but Jarrett Martin turned in a solid performance (7 IP/1 ER/1 BB/6 K). The GCL O's beat the  GCL Rays 2-1 in extra innings. Rod Bernadina and Jerome Pena were both 0-4 and Gabriel Lino was 2-4 with a double and Johnny "Don't Call Me Rudy" Ruettiger continued his real life pepper game in the Gulf Coast League picking up two more hits. Sebastian Vader struck out 4 in five innings and Dustin Ward did the same in two innings of work.    The DSL O's were awarded the win over the DSL D'backs in an abbreviated game at Boca Chica Baseball City. Hector Veloz was 2-4 with a double and Byron Capellan was 1-3 with two runs knocked in and a steal. It's also looking ugly in Aberdeen. Matt Hobgood has pitched 1.1 innings allowing 6 runs while giving up two hits and four walks. He also threw a wild pitch. The defense has had four errors. UPDATE The game was mercifully called after 8 innings and Aberdeen losing 8-2. Glynn Davis and Dudley Leonora finished the evening without getting on base. Mychal Givens was 1-4 with a strikeout and one of the four defensive miscues and Connor Narron was 3-3 a double, a steal, two runs driven and an error. Alex Schmarzo was the only Ironbirds pitcher to finish the night unblemished, allowing only two hits while striking out 2 in 2.2 innings. He generated 4 groundouts to one air out.  
