3 View photosCleveland Indians' Asdrubal Cabrera, left, high-fives teammate Travis Hafner after hitting a solo home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Thursday, July 14, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Cleveland Indians couldn't have scripted a better start to the second half of the season.Asdrubal Cabrera and Carlos Santana homered in the first inning and the Indians beat Baltimore 8-4 on Thursday night to extend the Orioles' losing streak to eight games.The victory moved the Indians into first place in the AL Central, percentage points ahead of idle Detroit. Cleveland lost three straight against Toronto before the All-Star break to fall out of first for the first time since June 28."For us it was important because we finished the first half with three bad games against the Blue Jays," manager Manny Acta said. "We needed to get out there and put those three games behind us. It is important — especially in our situation."Cabrera, the second batter in the order, homered off Jeremy Guthrie (3-13) for a 1-0 lead. Travis Hafner then drew a walk, Santana hit the next pitch into the seats in center, and the Indians were on their way.That made it easy for Justin Masterson (8-6) to improve to 3-0 in his last three starts."It was great for us to come out kind of firing," Masterson said. "It gave not only myself but the rest of us a lot of confidence, the ability to go back out there and get back in the rhythm of things that we've missed out in the last three days. Just have some fun."Masterson (8-6) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings, striking out eight."I worked out of a few jams here and there," he said. "I felt in control most of the time."Cleveland is 4-0 against Baltimore this season, outscoring the Orioles 28-11.Nick Markakis drove in two runs for the Orioles, whose eight-game losing streak matches a season high. Baltimore is 1-13 since June 26."It's tough to put your team in the hole like that," said Guthrie, who allowed six runs, five hits and four walks in five-plus innings. Three of his major league-leading 13 losses have come during Baltimore's eight-game skid, including two in the last two games.The Orioles were without manager Buck Showalter, who served a one-game suspension as part of the punishment handed out Thursday by Major League Baseball following a July 8 bench-clearing brawl in Boston. Bench coach John Russell ran the team while Showalter watched from a private box."It was fun. Obviously, you don't like the outcome," Russell said.Mike Gonzalez, who appealed a three-game suspension stemming from the heated four-game series against the Red Sox, pitched a scoreless inning of relief. So did Kevin Gregg, who appealed his four-game suspension.After getting to Guthrie early, the Indians made it 4-0 in the third when Michael Brantley doubled and scored on Santana's double. Guthrie avoided further damage by getting Orlando Cabrera to bounce into a double play with the bases loaded.Markakis delivered a two-out, two-run single in the bottom half. But the Orioles wasted a two-out double by Felix Pie in the fourth, and Masterson retired Markakis and Adam Jones with runners at second and third in the fifth."We were in position to bridge the gap but weren't able to do it," Jones said.Cleveland pulled away with a four-run sixth. After Grady Sizemore drew a leadoff walk, Orlando Cabrera broke an 0-for-18 slide with a single that ended Guthrie's night. Travis Buck then hit a sacrifice fly off Mark Hendrickson and Brantley singled in a run before Asdrubal Cabrera and Hafner hit RBI singles off Jason Berken.Baltimore got two runs in the bottom half. Derrek Lee hit an RBI double and ran through a stop sign from third base coach Willie Randolph to score on a two-out single by Blake Davis.NOTES: The Orioles struck out a season-high 13 times, including five straight to end the game. ... Cleveland RHP Fausto Carmona threw 50 pitches in a simulated game Thursday and is poised to start one game of Monday's doubleheader in Minnesota. Carmona has been on the 15-day DL since July 3 with a strained right quadriceps. ... Orioles DH Vladimir Guerrero still felt pain from being hit by a pitch on the hand Sunday in Boston and was unavailable. All-Star catcher Matt Wieters took his place. ... Indians 3B Lonnie Chisenhall returned to the lineup after missing three games with a broken nasal bone, the result of being hit by a pitch. ... Hafner reached in all five plate appearances. He singled twice, walked twice and was hit by a pitch. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles, Hardy making progress on three-year extensionContract would be worth between $7 million and $8.5 million per season.July 15, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunThe Orioles and shortstop J.J. Hardy continue to make progress on a three-year contract extension that would be worth between $7 million and $8.5 million per season, according to two baseball sources."My thought is that I still hope it gets done," Hardy said. "I know my agent and [director of baseball operations] Matt Klentak have been talking. I don't know exactly where they are at or what they are thinking. If it gets done or not before the trade deadline, I don't know what their thoughts are. But I still say I hope it gets done."The sides are attempting to iron out several issues, including specific contract value and some type of no-trade clause, which Hardy would like after having been with three teams since 2009. The Orioles haven't given a full no-trade clause to a player since Melvin Mora in 2006, but Nick Markakis (eight clubs) and Brian Roberts (12 clubs in 2011, full protection in 2012) have limited clauses built into their extensions. var adSkipCounter = 0; "Yes, I'd like [some] no-trade. I know how they have done it in the past with Markakis and Brian Roberts. It's not a whole lot of teams," Hardy said. "Yeah, that's a big part of it. Money a little bit. The fact I'd know where I'd be somewhere for a little while. I think there are a lot of things that play a factor. If something doesn't get done, then I would have that choice in the offseason to make something like that happen."If the Orioles can't agree to an extension soon, they'll have to consider dealing Hardy by the nonwaiver trade deadline at the end of July, since he is their best trade chip and likely would not clear waivers. Hardy, 28, is batting .277 with 13 homers and 33 RBIs and has made just two errors in 62 games this season.Another option would be to hold on to Hardy, offer him arbitration at the end of the year and get two high draft picks if he signs elsewhere as a free agent. Although the club does not characterize its negotiations with players, both sides seem to consider extending Hardy the best option.Despite what likely will be the Orioles' 14th consecutive losing season, Hardy said he believes the team has talent and likes the direction taken by manager Buck Showalter, president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail and owner Peter Angelos."I see a pretty good lineup. I see a lot of pieces, like [Matt] Wieters, Adam Jones, Markakis. If Brian Roberts can stay healthy, that's five pretty good guys that are filling up the field," Hardy said. "The pitchers, I feel like you see potential. Everyone sees potential. They are young, and another year under their belts will do wonders. … And I do believe Andy MacPhail, Buck and Peter are doing everything they possibly can to make this a winning team. That's something I have to believe and go from there."If Hardy signs a three-year deal, he likely would be a bridge to top prospect Manny Machado, who is 19 and playing at High-A Frederick. It's something Hardy has done in the past. In Milwaukee, he was the incumbent while shortstop Alcides Escobar was considered one of the better prospects in baseball.Hardy said what's most important is knowing where he'll be playing for the next couple of seasons."This sport has just been that way: You never really know what is going on," Hardy said. "It's tough. That is probably the toughest thing for me in this sport. That's why I feel like I'd like to be somewhere for a while."Guerrero DL possibilityVladimir Guerrero, who has been diagnosed with a cracked bone in his right hand, missed his second consecutive game Friday, making a trip to the 15-day disabled list more likely.Guerrero took early batting practice Friday, and it "did not go well," Showalter said. "We had to not put him in the lineup, obviously. … It becomes a decision now [on] how long we can or will wait."Guerrero was hit by a pitch from the Boston Red Sox's Kyle Weiland in the fifth inning Sunday in Boston and left the game. Initial X-rays were negative, but more tests Thursday revealed the crack in a bone just below his wrist."Guys have played with it, if there's not a possibility of hurting it more," Showalter said. "It's a matter of when the discomfort goes away, if it does."Guerrero might undergo more tests, and, if it looks as if he will not be available to play for another few days, he likely would be placed on the DL. Without him, the Orioles had a two-man bench Friday.Showalter on suspensionsShowalter was back in the dugout Friday after a one-game automatic suspension Thursday stemming from Sunday's ejection of Orioles left-hander Michael Gonzalez, who threw behind Boston's David Ortiz after both sides had been warned.Red Sox manager Terry Francona was not suspended, however, even though he was ejected from that game when his starter, Weiland, hit Guerrero. Major League Baseball later ruled Weiland was not intentionally throwing at Guerrero, so the automatic suspension of Francona was lifted.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
