3 View photosLos Angeles Angels' Erick Aybar follows through on a two-run home run against the Baltimore Orioles in the fourth inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 18, 2011, in Baltimore. At left is catcher Craig Tatum. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Erick Aybar enjoyed the finest day of his career at a time when the Los Angeles Angels needed him the most.Aybar went 4 for 4, homered twice and tied a franchise record by scoring five runs, leading Los Angeles to an 11-2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.Aybar's effort provided the Angels a welcome boost in their frantic pursuit of a postseason berth. Los Angeles, which began the day 4½ games in back of division-leading Texas, closed within four games behind Boston in the wild-card hunt."A very important win," Aybar said through an interpreter. "I felt great being able to contribute to what was really a team effort. Eleven runs wasn't just all my runs, so I feel good about that."The victory enabled the Angels to avert a three-game sweep against the last-place Orioles, who won the first two by a collective 14-5 score."Everybody felt the need, not just me," Aybar said. "We lost two games in a row and we felt this was a game to win. We need to keep winning."It was the first career multihomer game for Aybar, who hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two-run drive in the fourth. His four hits tied a career high, as did his four RBIs.His five runs matched the club record set by Tim Salmon on April 12, 1998, at Cleveland."When he's on, he brings a very consistent approach whether he hits with no one on or he hits with someone in scoring position," manager Mike Scioscia said of Aybar. "He usually puts the ball in play. That's rule No. 1 when you're a little guy and not expected to hit home runs."Vernon Wells also connected for the Angels, who next play a four-game series in Toronto, their final destination on the road this season. Baltimore travels to Boston for four games, beginning with a day-night doubleheader on Monday."It was nice to get this win," winning pitcher Jered Weaver said. "Hopefully, we can take this into Toronto and take three of four or four of four."Pitching on three days' rest, Weaver (18-7) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings. He is 12-3 since the beginning of June, and his 18 wins are two more than his previous career high."That's why he's one of the best pitchers in the game right now," said Baltimore catcher Craig Tatum, who went 0 for 3. "He showed he can come back off three days' rest and still be good. His ball moves, he locates, he keeps the ball down. He just didn't give us much to hit."Vladimir Guerrero homered, tripled and had two RBIs for the Orioles, whose four-game winning streak ended. It was the 449th career home run for Guerrero, tied with Jeff Bagwell for 35th place on the career list.Alfredo Simon (4-9) gave up six runs and eight hits, including three home runs, in five innings.Aybar opened the game by drawing a four-pitch walk and scored on a double by Bobby Abreu. Later in the inning, Simon hit Mark Trumbo with a pitch, prompting home plate umpire Laz Diaz to issue a warning to both sides.One night earlier, Ervin Santana hit Baltimore's Mark Reynolds in the helmet with a pitch. Reynolds, who did not play Sunday, said before the game that Santana purposely threw at him.And Simon didn't deny doing likewise."We just got hit yesterday and I'm going to defend my players," he said. "We just got hit hard and that's what happens in the game."Brad Bergesen plunked Jeff Mathis on the helmet in the sixth inning but was not ejected. Bergesen did, however, appeared to be obviously dismayed over the errant pitch.Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the first when Nick Markakis hit a two-out single — ending an 0-for-18 skid — and the 36-year-old Guerrero followed with his first triple since July 2010.Aybar put the Angels up 2-1 in the third with his ninth homer, and Wells hit No. 22 with a man on in the fourth. Three batters later, Aybar drove a pitch over the right-field wall.Howie Kendrick doubled in two runs in the sixth off Bergesen, and Aybar hit an RBI double in a three-run eighth.NOTES: Eight of the Angels' 15 hits were for extra bases. ... Jerome Williams (3-0) will start Monday for the Angels, who are 7-4 in their last 11 games in Toronto. ... Jeremy Guthrie (8-17) and Brian Matusz (1-7, 9.84 ERA) will start for Baltimore on Monday. ... It was Abreu's 30th double, the 12th time in his career he's reached that mark. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds falls to the ground after getting hit in the head by a pitch by Los Angeles Angels' Ervin Santana in the third inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 17, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Los Angeles Angels haven't reached panic mode — yet.Although their shaky playoff hopes absorbed another blow Saturday night with a 6-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles, the Angels know they can't afford to succumb to self-imposed pressure."It's the elephant in the room," first baseman Mark Trumbo said. "I guess there's a couple ways you can approach it. I don't think it would be beneficial if there was panic, so this is going to be the way we go about it. Guys want to win, there's no doubt about it, but everyone here's professional enough to go about it without yelling and screaming."Desperately needing a win to stay within striking distance of first-place Texas in the AL West and Boston in the wild-card chase, Los Angeles fell flat for the second night in a row against the last-place Orioles.The Angels dropped 4½ games behind Texas in the division race and remained five games in back of Boston in the wild-card hunt. Los Angeles has lost four of six and has only 11 games left."Every time you don't get it done, obviously it's making that climb a little bit tougher," manager Mike Scioscia said. "We're getting down to where you see the finish line and we know we've got to pick up some ground. But you got to focus on what it's going to take to win some games and bring that out on the field and we haven't done a very good job of that the last two nights."Orioles rookie Zach Britton (10-10) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings, walked two and had a career-high seven strikeouts.Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson gave up a two-out RBI triple to Vernon Wells in the ninth.J.J. Hardy hit his career-high 27th homer and Mark Reynolds hit No. 34 off Ervin Santana (11-12) in the first inning for the Orioles.With nothing else to play for, Baltimore has embraced the spoiler role."I think it more so just shows the type of people we are as a team," Britton said. "We could easily have just kind of thrown in the towel and we're not doing that. We know that these teams have something to play for and we are playing them hard."Santana settled down after the first inning, but the damage was done. The right-hander gave up five runs and five hits over seven innings and lost his third consecutive start. He was 5-0 in his previous five road starts."I was all over the place," Santana said. "Then, after that, (I) refocused and throw strikes."Santana was dangerously wild. He walked three and hit two batters with pitches, including Reynolds, who was plunked in the helmet with a fastball in the third inning. Reynolds insisted upon remaining in the game, but was removed in the top of the fifth.Reynolds was taken to the hospital for a precautionary CT scan, manager Buck Showalter said.Baltimore sent 10 batters to the plate in the first inning and scored twice before Santana got an out.After Matt Angle drew a leadoff walk, Hardy drove a 3-2 pitch over the left-field wall. One out later, Vladimir Guerrero singled and Matt Wieters walked before Reynolds homered with two outs on an 0-2 pitch.The Angels, meanwhile, didn't get their first hit until Mike Trout singled with one out in the fifth. Erick Aybar followed with a single and Bobby Wilson hit a sacrifice fly.Mark Trumbo led off the seventh with a single and advanced to third with two outs before Aybar grounded out.Baltimore made it 6-1 in the eighth against Garrett Richards. Wieters walked on four pitches and scored when Trout bobbled Chris Davis' double to right.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed 14 minutes after home plate umpire Brian O'Nora was struck in the right ankle by a ricocheting warmup pitch from Britton. The fallen umpire was helped off by Orioles athletic trainers. X-rays were inconclusive. Second base umpire Alfonzo Marquez moved behind the plate and the game was played with three umps. ... An MRI performed Saturday on Orioles OF Adam Jones revealed a sprained right thumb. "I'm fine, basically. Just tough it out," said Jones, who missed his seventh straight start because of the injury. "I've never really had this before. It's new to me." ... Right-hander Jered Weaver will start Sunday for the Angels on three days rest, Scioscia said. .. Showalter said left-hander Brian Matusz would start one of the games in Monday's doubleheader at Boston. 
