3 View photosToronto Blue Jays' Brett Lawrie, center, high-fives his teammates in the dugout after hitting a two-run home run in the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Thursday, Sept. 1, 2011, in Baltimore. Toronto won 8-6. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — It was apparent months ago that the Baltimore Orioles were headed toward their 14th consecutive season without a winning record.The dubious distinction became official Thursday in a defeat that typifies their forgettable year.In an 8-6 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays, Baltimore wasted homers by Vladimir Guerrero and Matt Wieters. The Orioles trailed by three runs in the sixth inning, made up the deficit in the seventh and promptly gave the lead back in the eighth.And so, by dropping two of three to the Blue Jays, Baltimore fell to 54-81. One more loss and the Orioles will be saddled with their 14th straight losing record."We scored six runs. You like your chances there," manager Buck Showalter said. "We've had our challenges getting outs. Got back in it, went right back out there and gave up runs."After Guerrero tied it with his season-high fourth RBI of the game in the seventh, Willie Eyre walked leadoff hitter Kelly Johnson in the eighth and rookie Brett Lawrie followed with a homer for an 8-6 lead.Baltimore didn't get another baserunner the rest of the way.Orioles starter Tommy Hunter allowed six runs, five earned, in six innings.Showalter said the right-hander began feeling ill in the third inning and felt even worse after his performance."He was throwing up. He's heading to the hospital," Showalter said. "I'm not going to try to say what it is or what it isn't, but he won't make the trip (to Tampa Bay) with us right now."Lawrie made his debut at Camden Yards on Aug. 5. He's batting .417 in six games against the Orioles, all at Camden Yards. In addition, three of his seven homers and eight of his 20 RBIs have come in Baltimore."It's a home away from home. It's where it all started," Lawrie said. "We'll be back here some day."It will be too soon for the Orioles."He's a big ol' boy," Baltimore's Nick Markakis said. "He can swing the stick, no question about that. Their whole team can swing."Markakis' streak of 182 consecutive series with at least one hit ended. It's the first time he went hitless in a series since May 23-25, 2008, in Tampa Bay.Johnson also homered for the Blue Jays, who had 26 runs and 42 hits in the series. Yunel Escobar was 4 for 5 with two RBIs.Shawn Camp (2-3) finished the seventh inning, Jon Rauch worked a perfect eighth and Frank Francisco got three straight outs for his 12th save.The game was switched from 7:05 p.m. to 12:35 so the city could finalize plans for the first Baltimore Grand Prix. The change, combined with the lackluster matchup between the two bottom teams in the AL East, resulted in a meager crowd of 11,617.Toronto played a seventh straight game without manager John Farrell, who is recovering from pneumonia and won't be with the Jays at Yankee Stadium this weekend. Bench coach Don Wakamatsu is running the team in his place.The Orioles used successive doubles by Guerrero and Wieters to take a 1-0 lead in the second.Toronto responded with a two-run third that began with Hunter walking No. 9 hitter Mike McCoy, who took third on a double by Escobar. Eric Thames followed with a run-scoring groundout and Jose Bautista hit an RBI single.The Blue Jays made it 4-1 in the fourth. After Lawrie and J.P. Arencibia hit consecutive doubles, Escobar singled in a run.Guerrero and Wieters connected in succession in the bottom half, both on 3-2 pitches. It was the fourth time this season that Baltimore hit back-to-back home runs.Johnson led off the sixth with his 20th homer of the season and second in two games. He went 3 for 4 and is 9 for 17 in his last four games.Baltimore closed to 6-5 in the bottom half when starter Luis Perez walked the first two batters and Guerrero hit a two-run double. The Orioles then put runners at second and third with one out before Jesse Litsch retired the side.Guerrero drove in another run in the seventh with a slow roller to shortstop with one out and the bases loaded.NOTES: The Blue Jays activated Rauch (appendicitis) from the 15-day DL. ... The Orioles purchased the contracts of RHP Rick VandenHurk and OF Kyle Hudson from Triple-A Norfolk. ... The Blue Jays open a three-game series in New York on Friday. Toronto will start Brandon Morrow, who is averaging a major league-best 10.35 strikeouts per nine innings. ... Baltimore rookie Zach Britton will start Friday night in the opener of a three-game series against Tampa Bay. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jo-Jo Reyes walks off the mound after being pulled from the game in the third inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2011, in Baltimore. Reyes gave up seven runs and eight hits in the first three innings of the game. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Jo-Jo Reyes was eager to show the Toronto Blue Jays they made a mistake by cutting him loose in early August.Instead, the left-hander put on a performance that justified their decision.Reyes didn't get out of the third inning, and the Baltimore Orioles managed only three hits over eight innings against rookie Henderson Alvarez in a 13-0 loss Wednesday night.Reyes (7-11) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 2 2-3 innings, matching his shortest start of the season. He yielded two homers, three singles and a double in a six-run third that sent Baltimore on its way to its worst shutout loss since an identical defeat against the White Sox on July 4, 2006."The way I left the ball up today, no matter what team was out there I was going to get hit hard," said Reyes, who was claimed off waivers from Toronto on Aug. 2. "Anytime you leave the ball up in this league you're going to get hit, and today showed it."Asked if Reyes' poor outing could be attributed to being too eager to face the Jays, Orioles manager Buck Showalter replied, "He's had some outings where he's pitched very similar to the way he pitched tonight and it wasn't against Toronto, so I'm not going to put a whole lot of credence in that."Reyes wasn't the only Orioles pitcher to struggle. Brad Bergesen gave up a homer to Edwin Encarnacion and Jose Bautista hit his 39th of the season off Troy Patton."We made a lot of bad pitches. When you give up 20 hits ... " Showalter said.The 21-year-old Alvarez (1-2) faced the minimum 21 batters through seven innings. Ryan Adams lined a clean single to center in the third and was immediately wiped out by a double play. Matt Angle reached on an error in the seventh before Jake Fox bounced into a double play.In the eighth, Vladimir Guerrero and Robert Andino singled before Alvarez worked out of trouble.The right-hander struck out five and walked none. He recorded only two outs on fly balls."He just had a really good sink to his ball tonight," said Adam Jones, who went 0 for 4. "He really wasn't throwing too many off-speed pitches. He just had a lot of sink and was hitting some spots, and it was tough to square up."At 21 years and 135 days, Alvarez is the youngest Toronto pitcher to earn a victory since Kelvim Escobar in 1997 and the youngest starter to win since Phil Huffman in 1979."He had composure, aggressiveness," said Toronto bench coach Don Wakamatsu, subbing for ailing manager John Farrell. "He pitched a phenomenal game and I think it breathes a little life into the offense."The Blue Jays' 20 hits tied a season high. Encarnacion went 4 for 5 with a homer and two doubles, and Yunel Escobar and Eric Thames also had four hits apiece. Bautista and Kelly Johnson each contributed three RBIs.Toronto used doubles by Encarnacion and rookie Brett Lawrie to go up 1-0 in the second. That only served as a precursor for the offensive fireworks to follow.In the third, Thames doubled in a run and scored on a single by Adam Lind. After Encarnacion singled, Johnson hit his first homer since being traded to Toronto from Arizona on Aug. 23. Jose Molina capped the uprising with a solo shot.Toronto made it 11-0 in the fourth. After Thames doubled in a run and Bautista hit a run-scoring grounder, Encarnacion homered.Bautista connected in the sixth.Baltimore rookie Zach Phillips made his major league debut in the eighth and worked out of a bases-loaded jam.NOTES: Farrell, who is recovering from pneumonia, will not join the team in New York for the series that starts Friday. ... The Orioles traded LH reliever Mike Gonzalez to Texas for a player to be named. ... RHP Jon Rauch (appendicitis) will come off the 15-day DL and join the team Thursday, Wakamatsu said. ... Baltimore's J.J. Hardy had his 13-game hitting streak end. He went 0 for 2 before leaving for a pinch hitter in the seventh. Teammate Mark Reynolds' 10-game streak ended with an 0-for-3, three-strikeout performance. ... Luis Perez (3-2) will start for the Blue Jays on Thursday afternoon in the deciding game of the three-game series. He will face Tommy Hunter (3-2), who's 2-0 over his last three starts. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */This day in Orioles history: September 29September 01, 2011September 29, 1953: Baltimore was awarded the St. Louis Browns, bringing major-league baseball back to the city. 
