3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Matt Wieters (32) is congratulated at the dugout after hitting a home run off Oakland Athletics' Gio Gonzalez during the second inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 15, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Ben Margot)MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Baltimore right-hander Tommy Hunter finally has his first win with his new club thanks primarily to an old pitch he's grown comfortable throwing in key situations.Hunter worked out of a two-on, no-out jam in the second inning, then held on as the Orioles scored four runs in the seventh and one in the ninth to beat the Oakland Athletics 6-2 on Monday night."The cutter saved me again," said Hunter, who had been winless in two previous starts for the Orioles after arriving on July 30 as part of a trade from Texas. "It's like you keep it in your back pocket until you need it. It is something that's been a big factor in games for the last couple of years, so why not use it."Hunter (2-2) allowed two runs over 6 2-3 innings with three strikeouts and one walk. He pitched with runners on base in every inning and gave up 10 hits overall but kept the damage to a minimum.A reliever with the Rangers, Hunter did his best work after Oakland strung together four straight hits to open the second.Josh Willingham singled and scored on David DeJesus' double to left center. Brandon Allen followed with a base hit before Cliff Pennington's RBI single gave Oakland a 2-1 lead.Hunter then fell behind in the count to Kurt Suzuki, 3-1, before getting the A's catcher to ground into a 6-4-3 double play. Eric Sogard followed with a fly out to left."A lot of guys might cave in there, but that double play ball was probably as big a pitch as there was in the game," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "(Hunter) was the difference. He's a horse. You can tell why we like him."The news got even better for Baltimore when the team announced it has agreed to terms with first-round pick Dylan Bundy on a $6.25 million, five-year contract. Bundy was the fourth overall pick in the draft.Shortly after the deal was announced, the Orioles broke the game open in Oakland by scoring four times in the seventh.Robert Andino hit a go-ahead bases-loaded double in the inning while Josh Bell added a two-run single to help the Orioles pick up a rare road victory.Matt Wieters and Mark Reynolds also both homered to help the Orioles begin a 10-game road trip with a victory following a 3-7 homestand.DeJesus doubled and scored while Brandon Allen matched his career high of three hits for the A's, who have dropped four straight."We got some good at bats against (Hunter) but he seemed to bear down a little more when he felt the threat," said Allen, who is 6 for 8 since getting called up from the minors Saturday. "They were able to get the big hits and we weren't."The Orioles managed only two hits off Oakland left-hander Gio Gonzalez (9-11) through the first six innings before the outburst in the seventh.Adam Jones and Vladimir Guerrero both singled before Gonzalez walked Wieters to load the bases. After a strikeout, Andino greeted reliever Fautino De Los Santos with a deep double over the head of center fielder Coco Crisp to drive in Jones and Guerrero.Bell, batting only .143 coming into the game, followed with a bouncing single up the middle. Wieters and Andino both scored easily to make it 5-2.It's only Baltimore's fourth win in its last 18 games on the road. The Orioles also won for just the second time in 14 games at the Oakland Coliseum since the start of the 2008 season.They did it with Hunter's pitching and solid defense behind him. In addition to the double play, Wieters also threw out Jemile Weeks trying to steal in the first inning, the 28th runner the Baltimore catcher has caught this season."You have to play defense when I pitch because I'm not going to strike many guys out," Hunter said. "Those guys went out and made plays tonight."Michael Gonzalez pitched 1 1-3 innings and Kevin Gregg worked the ninth.Oakland, outscored 23-8 while getting swept in a three-game series by Texas over the weekend, lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell a season-low 15 games under .500.Gonzalez took his fifth straight loss, giving up four runs and four hits while walking three to raise his majors-leading total to 72."It's always frustrating to come out of a game, especially when you leave runners on base," Gonzalez said. "My luck is turning a little bit and I just want to stay positive."Wieter's hit a 1-2 pitch from Gonzalez off the green cement facing high above the wall in center field with two outs in the second. The home run was Wieter's 11th of the season and first since July 17.Reynolds, who had been mired in a 1-for-28 slump with 14 strikeouts, homered off Trystan Magnuson in the ninth.Notes: The A's set an Oakland record with their 92nd consecutive game with two home runs or fewer. ... A's manager Bob Melvin expects Conor Jackson to be out a few days after the first baseman woke up with a sore neck. ... Baltimore INF Chris Davis was not in the starting lineup to rest a sore shoulder. ... 3B Josh Bell underwent a CAT scan on his left side which proved negative. ... LHP Brian Matusz (1-4) is expected to be recalled from Triple-A Norfolk to start for Baltimore on Tuesday night. Matusz, who carried a 0.56 ERA in his last two starts in the minors, is 2-2 lifetime against Oakland. RHP Guillermo Moscoso (5-6) will go for the Athletics. 
3 OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles have agreed to terms with first-round pick Dylan Bundy on a $6.25 million, five-year contract.Bundy, a right-hander who was the fourth overall selection out of Owasso High School in Oklahoma, was considered the top high school prospect in the draft after recording 111 strikeouts in 49 innings as a senior. The 6-foot-1, 200-pounder went 8-0 with one no-hitter and six one-hitters.The Orioles also announced they have signed second-round pick Jason Esposito and sixth-round pick Nick Delmonico. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Roberts plans to be part of Orioles' future'I'm doing everything I possibly can to get back on the baseball field,' second baseman saysAugust 16, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore Sun "Unfortunately, you can't always control the perception that is out there," Roberts said. "All of you can do is know that you are doing everything that you can. For me, in this instance, I'm doing everything I possibly can to get back on the baseball field. If the perception is out there that I'm not or for some unknown reason people have feelings that I don't want to play baseball, sure, that's very hard and hurtful for somebody that takes as much pride in playing the game as I do. As unfortunate as the incident was when I became injured, it was injury of passion because I care about the game, I care about the Orioles and I care about the team." Roberts did say he heard some "backlash" about his recent cancellation of "Brian's Bash," his annual charity event that benefits the University of Maryland Children's Hospital. Roberts, who had open-heart surgery as a young child, had hosted the event for the previous five years. When Roberts and his wife, Diana, realized they had to cancel it, they wrote a check to the hospital to make up for the lost money. "We got to the point where we realized it wasn't going to make sense for me, unfortunately, with the state of my concussion," Roberts said. "What people I think have to realize in the recovery of a concussion, your day-to-day routine, what you go through on a daily basis affects your recovery. Everything you do outside that routine presents an opportunity to take a step backward in that recovery. As important as the hospital is to us, my first priority is the Orioles, playing baseball and getting back on the field. We felt like the Bash was an opportunity to take a step backward with the change of routine, with the stimulation of the environment, the stress of the environment. We felt it was unfortunate that this was the only choice that we had at that point." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Roberts said he has no immediate plans to return to Baltimore or make any projections on when he'll play next. His only goal, he said, is to get through each day and put the concussion symptoms further behind him. "I think anybody who has ever been on the DL, unless it's a minor hamstring strain or something like that, anyone who has ever had an injury for two or three months, would be lying if they said they didn't have those thoughts in their mind at some point in the process," Roberts said when asked whether he considered at any point that his career could be over. "You have good days and bad days. When you're dealing with your brain, you have better days and worse days. I think I can properly say that [retirement] has crossed my mind at some point. I think once I gained more information and [understood] more of what was going on, the better I felt about the long-term prognosis." jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball appPrev | 1 | 2     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Arundel's Hibbs loses scholarship to Florida State after drug arrestHow a prominent black cemetery diedHow the city's nickname came to beAre you setting S.M.A.R.T. goals?Trying to clarify convection settingsThe old oyster R-month rule 
