3 View photosToronto Blue Jays pitcher Brian Tallet reacts with two runners on with no outs in the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011 in Baltimore. The Orioles won 6-5 in 10 innings.(AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Brian Tallet didn't mince words or make excuses. Called upon to record his first career save, the Toronto Blue Jays left-hander didn't get the job done."Yeah, it was a pretty (bad) result, huh?" Tallet said after coughing up two 10th-inning runs in a 6-5 Baltimore Orioles victory over Toronto on Tuesday night. "It's what happens when you don't throw strikes early in the game, early when you get in there and let those guys get on base. Anything can happen and that's what happened."The Blue Jays didn't make the most of early offensive opportunities and, while they took advantage of numerous mistakes by the bumbling Orioles, they couldn't put Baltimore away.In the 10th, they ran into some old-fashioned bad luck, when right-hander Casey Janssen came up with a tight lat in his throwing shoulder and couldn't return to the mound after dispatching the Orioles on 13 pitches in the ninth."We're going to evaluate him, see where he's at," said acting Toronto manager Don Wakamatsu, adding that he didn't believe Janssen's injury was serious.Wakamatsu was filling in for manager John Farrell, who remained in Toronto while being treated for pneumonia. Farrell is expected to miss the three-game series in Baltimore.The Orioles botched their bunt defense, muffed an infield pop fly for an error, twice failed to get bunts down successfully and blew a one-run lead in the ninth inning. Yet one swing of rookie Ryan Adams' bat erased their many miscues."It wasn't looking good there for a minute, but we battled back," said Adams, who capped a two-run rally in the bottom of the 10th with an RBI single.Matt Wieters led off the Baltimore 10th by drawing a walk off Tallet (0-2). Mark Reynolds walked and, after Robert Andino bunted a foul third strike, pinch hitter Jake Fox hit a game-tying single to right with Reynolds taking third.Adams followed with a deep fly ball off the warning track in right-center beyond a drawn-in outfield."In that situation, I was just trying to get the ball in the air," Adams said. "They were playing (the outfield) in and I got a pitch up. Right away, I knew it was going to be deep enough to get him in."The victory went to Willie Eyre (1-0), whose wild pitch in the top of the 10th had put the Blue Jays ahead 5-4. That was the last in a long line of mental and physical mistakes that failed to undo the resilient Orioles.Andino's 10th-inning bunt attempt was the second time he was unable to advance runners, and some shoddy defense in the ninth contributed to a delayed — and undefended double steal — as Toronto tied the game on Yunel Escobar's sacrifice fly."I know exactly what should have happened and didn't happen and it won't happen again, especially considering the people," said Baltimore manager Buck Showalter when asked about the wacky bunt play.Wieters homered for Baltimore, which has won seven of nine.The Blue Jays have lost five of six."You've got to take it as it comes and analyze it and you've just got to suck it up and move on to tomorrow," said Toronto's Brett Lawrie. "There's no sense in dwelling on it. You've got to come back tomorrow and keep playing."Lawrie's sixth homer staked Toronto to a 3-0 lead in the second. After one-out walks to Edwin Encarnacion and Kelly Johnson, Lawrie ripped a 1-2 curveball from Jeremy Guthrie into the left-field stands.Wieters' two-run shot cut the lead to a run in the bottom of the inning. Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single and Wieters homered to center off Brett Cecil, his 15th.Cecil's throwing error in the fourth allowed Baltimore to tie the game at 3. Andino doubled with two down and came around on an infield single by Nolan Reimold after Cecil threw wildly past first base.The Blue Jays loaded the bases with none down in the fifth, but squandered the opportunity. Encarnacion bounced into a 1-2-3 double play and Johnson flied out to center."There were several different opportunities to score, to do some things and the bottom line is we put ourselves in a position," Wakamatsu said. "We talked about not giving up and going to the end."Guerrero's RBI double in the bottom of the fifth put the Orioles ahead, scoring Adam Jones, who had drawn a one-out walk.Cecil yielded four runs on eight hits over six innings, walking two and striking out four. Guthrie allowed three runs on six hits, walked two and struck out five.Trying to protect a 4-3 lead in the ninth, Baltimore's Kevin Gregg instead blew his fifth save in 24 chances. J.P. Arencibia led off with a single and was replaced by pinch runner Dewayne Wise. Mike McCoy walked on four pitches and, when the Orioles flubbed their wheel-play defense on Escobar's bunt attempt, both runners moved up on an unconventional double steal, each benefiting from an unprotected base.Escobar followed with a game-tying sacrifice fly to right.NOTES: Baltimore snapped an eight-game losing streak in one-run games. ... Toronto reliever Jon Rauch completed a 25-pitch simulated game Tuesday afternoon and appears close to rejoining the active roster. Rauch, who underwent an appendectomy August 16, will be re-evaluated Wednesday but is likely to be activated off the disabled list Thursday, according to Wakamatsu. ... 1B Chris Davis, who is on the 15-day disabled list with a torn labrum in his right shoulder, took 25 swings off a tee and participated in throwing drills at the Orioles complex in Sarasota, Fla., on Tuesday. ... Orioles RHP Jason Berken's wife Emily gave birth to a 5-lb., 12-oz. baby girl, Hadley Lane, on Tuesday afternoon. ... In 27 starts this season, Guthrie has yet to win consecutive decisions. ... Toronto right-hander Henderson Alvarez (0-2) faces Baltimore lefty Jo-Jo Reyes (7-10) on Wednesday. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */MacPhail stays quiet on future with OriolesPresident of baseball operations won't comment on report he won't return next seasonAugust 31, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunOrioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail remains mum about his future with the club even as a report surfaced Tuesday night that he will leave the organization when his contract expires Oct. 31. USA Today, citing two high-ranking Orioles officials, reported on its website that MacPhail has decided he will not return for his fifth full season heading the front office. MacPhail declined to comment on the report, saying that nothing about his situation has changed and he can't help "speculation." "You can get two sources to say the moon is made out of green cheese," MacPhail said. Still, most people close to MacPhail feel that he's entering his final months in his role with the Orioles. Even after team owner Peter G. Angelos told The Baltimore Sun during spring training that MacPhail "is not going anywhere," the longtime baseball executive was noncommittal about returning. var adSkipCounter = 0;  His stance hasn't changed as the 58-year-old has maintained that he will wait to decide his future until late in the season. His refusal to publicly express interest in returning — or approach Angelos about a contract extension — has been interpreted as a sign that he is not interested in coming back. That point of view has been fueled even further by the fact that Angelos and manager Buck Showalter have been meeting regularly — with MacPhail's blessing — about the state of the club. Showalter has two years left on his contract after this season, and it's expected that he'll influence Angelos' decision on who will be the team's next president of baseball operations. USA Today also reported that New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman will be on the Orioles' list to fill their GM vacancy. Another potential candidate mentioned has been John Hart, the former GM of the Cleveland Indians and Texas Rangers who has a close relationship with Showalter. Meanwhile, the Orioles are closing in on their 14th consecutive losing season. With Tuesday night's 6-5 extra-inning victory over the Toronto Blue Jays, they improved to 54-79, which puts them on pace to finish 66-96, the same record they had last season. MacPhail took over the front office in June 2007, and shepherded the franchise through an arduous rebuilding process, trading All-Star shortstop Miguel Tejada and talented starter Erik Bedard for 10 total players. He said before this season that the team should be out of the toughest phases of rebuilding and it was time to start "moving the needle" in the win column. That hasn't happened, despite several of MacPhail's offseason moves working out. Shortstop J.J. Hardy, acquired from the Minnesota Twins in December for two minor league relievers, has been one of the best shortstops in baseball offensively and defensively this season, and he was rewarded with a three-year contract extension. Corner infielder Mark Reynolds has also provided the lineup with 31 homers and a much-needed jolt. But the infield offensive improvements have been largely nullified by the fact that most of the Orioles' young pitchers, the backbone of the rebuilding plan, have taken a huge step backward this season. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Baltimore Sun reporter Dan Connolly contributed to this article. Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Jake Fox, Ryan Adams, Adam Jones and and Matt Angle, from left, celebrate Adams' game-winning hit against the Toronto Blue Jays in the 10th inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 6-5. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles botched their bunt defense, muffed an infield pop fly for an error, twice failed to get bunts down successfully and blew a one-run lead in the ninth inning.Yet one swing of rookie Ryan Adams' bat erased their many miscues.Adams capped a two-run, 10th-inning rally with an RBI single and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6-5 on Tuesday night."It wasn't looking good there for a minute, but we battled back," said Adams.Matt Wieters led off the Baltimore 10th by drawing a walk off Brian Tallet (0-2), who was trying for his first career save. Mark Reynolds walked and, after Robert Andino bunted a foul third strike, pinch hitter Jake Fox hit a game-tying single to right with Reynolds taking third.Adams followed with a deep fly ball off the warning track in right-center beyond a drawn-in outfield."In that situation, I was just trying to get the ball in the air," Adams said. "They were playing (the outfield) in and I got a pitch up. Right away, I knew it was going to be deep enough to get him in."The victory went to Willie Eyre (1-0), whose wild pitch in the top of the 10th had put the Blue Jays ahead 5-4. That was the last in a long like of mental and physical mistakes that failed to undo the resilient Orioles.Andino's 10th-inning bunt attempt was the second time he was unable to advance runners, and some shoddy defense in the ninth contributed to a delayed — and undefended double steal — as Toronto tied the game on Yunel Escobar's sacrifice fly."I know exactly what should have happened and didn't happen and it won't happen again, especially considering the people," said Baltimore manager Buck Showalter when asked about the wacky bunt play.The Blue Jays were without manager John Farrell, who is being treated for pneumonia in Toronto and is expected to miss the three-game series. Bench coach Don Wakamatsu ran the team in Farrell's absence.Toronto wanted to send Casey Janssen out for the 10th, but the right-hander came up with a tightness in a shoulder muscle, shelving him after a 13-pitch scoreless ninth."We're going to evaluate him, see where he's at," said Wakamatsu, adding that he didn't believe Janssen's injury was serious.That put Tallet into an unfamiliar role."Yeah, it was a pretty (bad) result, huh?" Tallet said. "It's what happens when you don't throw strikes early in the game, early when you get in there and let those guys get on base. Anything can happen and that's what happened."Wieters homered for Baltimore, which has won seven of nine.The Blue Jays have lost five of six."You've got to take it as it comes and analyze it and you've just got to suck it up and move on to tomorrow," said Toronto's Brett Lawrie. "There's no sense in dwelling on it. You've got to come back tomorrow and keep playing."Lawrie's sixth homer staked Toronto to a 3-0 lead in the second. After one-out walks to Edwin Encarnacion and Kelly Johnson, Lawrie ripped a 1-2 curveball from Jeremy Guthrie into the left-field stands.Wieters' two-run shot cut the lead to a run in the bottom of the inning. Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single and Wieters homered to center off Brett Cecil, his 15th.Cecil's throwing error in the fourth allowed Baltimore to tie the game at 3. Andino doubled with two down and came around on an infield single by Nolan Reimold after Cecil threw wildly past first base.The Blue Jays loaded the bases with none down in the fifth, but squandered the opportunity. Encarnacion bounced into a 1-2-3 double play and Johnson flied out to center."There were several different opportunities to score, to do some things and the bottom line is we put ourselves in a position," Wakamatsu said. "We talked about not giving up and going to the end."Guerrero's RBI double in the bottom of the fifth put the Orioles ahead, scoring Adam Jones, who had drawn a one-out walk.Cecil yielded four runs on eight hits over six innings, walking two and striking out four. Guthrie allowed three runs on six hits, walked two and struck out five.Trying to protect a 4-3 lead in the ninth, Baltimore's Kevin Gregg instead blew his fifth save in 24 chances. J.P. Arencibia led off with a single and was replaced by pinch runner Dewayne Wise. Mike McCoy walked on four pitches and, when the Orioles flubbed their wheel-play defense on Escobar's bunt attempt, both runners moved up on an unconventional double steal, each benefiting from an unprotected base.Escobar followed with a game-tying sacrifice fly to right.NOTES: Baltimore snapped an eight-game losing streak in one-run games. ... Toronto reliever Jon Rauch completed a 25-pitch simulated game Tuesday afternoon and appears close to rejoining the active roster. Rauch, who underwent an appendectomy August 16, will be re-evaluated Wednesday but is likely to be activated off the disabled list Thursday, according to Wakamatsu. ... 1B Chris Davis, who is on the 15-day disabled list with a torn labrum in his right shoulder, took 25 swings off a tee and participated in throwing drills at the Orioles complex in Sarasota, Fla., on Tuesday. ... Orioles RHP Jason Berken's wife Emily gave birth to a 5-lb., 12-oz. baby girl, Hadley Lane, on Tuesday afternoon. ... In 27 starts this season, Guthrie has yet to win consecutive decisions. ... Toronto right-hander Henderson Alvarez (0-2) faces Baltimore lefty Jo-Jo Reyes (7-10) on Wednesday. 
