3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds hits a three-run home run during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2011, in Kansas City, Mo. The Orioles won the game 8-2. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)MoreKANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mark Reynolds homered, doubled and drove in five runs as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 8-2 Tuesday night in a game in which the temperature at first pitch was 107 degrees.Reynolds hit his 24th home run in the ninth with Nick Markakis and Vladimir Guerrero aboard to break open a 5-2 game. Chris Davis also homered in the ninth off Royals rookie left-hander Everett Teaford, who was just recalled from Triple-A Omaha.Reynolds, who leads the Orioles with 60 RBIs, stroked a two-out double in the third, scoring J.J. Hardy, who snapped an 0-for-18 slide with a single, and Markakis, who had walked.Reynolds' five RBIs matched a career high, done three times previously.Alfredo Simon curbed the Royals on four hits for seven innings to pick up the victory.Simon (3-4) gave up a run in the first on doubles by Miguel Cabrera and Eric Hosmer, but blanked the Royals on two hits the next six innings. Simon, who moved into the Orioles rotation on July 16, walked one and struck out three.The Orioles increased their lead to 3-1 in the fifth when Reynolds scored from second on Davis' infield single. Before Davis' hit, Matt Wieters drew a walk on 13 pitches, fouling off seven pitches, from Royals starter Bruce Chen.Chen, who was roughed up for 10 runs and 10 hits in four innings in his previous start at Boston, did not make it out of the fifth, requiring 115 pitches in 4 2-3 innings. Chen (5-5), who is 0-3 in his past four starts, gave up three runs on seven hits and four walks.Baltimore added a run in the sixth off rookie reliever Louis Coleman with Hardy's double to left scoring Robert Andino, who led off the inning with bunt single.Billy Butler's sacrifice fly in the eighth scored Alex Gordon off reliever Tommy Hunter.NOTES: Orioles RHP Jake Arrieta has an Aug. 10 appointment with Dr. Lewis Yocum in Los Angeles to examine his sore right elbow. Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Arrieta has a fibrous mass growth on his elbow. He walked six in five innings Sunday in a loss at New York. INF Cesar Izturis, who went on Baltimore's disabled list May 13 and needed elbow surgery, reported Tuesday to Double-A Bowie to begin a minor league rehab. If all goes well, he could be activated Friday. The Orioles claimed LHP Jo-Jo Reyes off waivers from the Blue Jays and he will be added to the roster Tuesday. RHP Luke Hochevar starts Wednesday against the Orioles. He is 0-4 with a 7.98 ERA in five career games against Baltimore. Jeremy Guthrie, who starts for the Orioles, is 2-7 with a 3.80 ERA in his 10 road starts. Cabrera extended his hitting streak to eight games with a first inning double. He also singled in the eighth and tops the Royals with 45 multihit games. He has hit in 23 of 26 games since July 2. Hardy committed a fielding blunder in the fifth, his third error in as many games. Hardy was charged with just two errors in his first 76 games. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles notebook: Arrieta likely shut down for seasonRight-hander could have surgery to remove mass in elbow, will miss at least next startAugust 03, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunKANSAS CITY, Mo. — Jake Arrieta, the Orioles' leader in wins, has decided to have his right elbow examined in California next week and will be shut down for at least a start and likely the rest of the season. Arrieta, 25, has been dealing with a fibrous mass in his right elbow — similar to a bone spur, but softer — for years and considered having surgery last season before choosing to pitch through it. It mainly affects his command, and after issuing a career high six walks Sunday, he has decided to visit renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. Lewis Yocum, the Los Angeles Angels team physician, next Wednesday. var adSkipCounter = 0;  If Arrieta chooses surgery, he could have the mass removed within days of his initial appointment, allowing him to be ready to pitch by next spring training, Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. A decision on surgery will not be made until Arrieta meets with Yocum. Showalter said he spoke to Arrieta on the plane from New York to Kansas City and Arrieta wanted Yocum, who has examined him previously, to take another look. "The good news is there's not any pain in the area that's usually consistent with ligament issues," Showalter said. "I got a sneaking suspicion of where it's going to go, but we'll see. We'll hope for the best." Arrieta, who is 10-8 with a 5.05 ERA in 22 starts in his first full season in the majors, will not pick up a ball until his appointment with Yocum, so he is a candidate for the disabled list. It hasn't been decided who will replace him, but the club could bring back one of the pitchers sent out this weekend, such as Jason Berken or Chris Tillman, or recall someone else such as recently acquired left-hander Zach Phillips. Tommy Hunter, whom the Orioles traded for Saturday, could make his first Orioles start Friday, which would have been Arrieta's turn. Orioles claim Reyes In an attempt to bolster their pitching staff, the Orioles claimed 26-year-old left-hander Jo-Jo Reyes off waivers Tuesday and will activate him Wednesday in Kansas City. Reyes made 20 starts this year for the Toronto Blue Jays, going 5-8 with a 5.40 ERA in 110 innings. He pitched at least six innings in 10 of those starts. He also tied a major league record by starting 28 consecutive games without a win — which spanned three years — before beating the Cleveland Indians on May 30. "He's 26 and versatile, and we need as much depth as we can get," said Andy MacPhail, the Orioles' president of baseball operations. A former Atlanta Braves farmhand, Reyes has a 3.51 ERA in 121 minor league games. The plan is for him to pitch in the Orioles' bullpen, Showalter said. To make room for him on the 40-man roster, outfielder Luke Scott (shoulder surgery) was moved to the 60-day disabled list. Duchscherer released The Orioles officially cut ties with right-hander Justin Duchscherer, who was signed in the offseason for a guaranteed $700,000 plus incentives. He never pitched in an affiliated game, staying in Sarasota, Fla., to rehabilitate his surgically repaired left hip. "We just didn't see any light at the end of that tunnel," MacPhail said. The oft-injured Duchscherer will undergo his fourth hip surgery — second on his left hip — Thursday in Nashville, Tenn. Dr. Thomas Byrd, who has performed the other three surgeries, will again operate on Duchscherer. The Orioles will assume the cost of the surgery. MacPhail said he knew the signing was risky this offseason, but "sometimes you have to take risks." Hunter joins Orioles Hunter, 25, started Game 4 of the 2010 World Series for the Texas Rangers and is joining a team that hasn't played in an October Classic since more than two years before Hunter was born. Yet the husky right-hander said he couldn't be happier with the change of scenery. "It's an opportunity. It's great. I am ready to go," said Hunter, who along with first baseman Chris Davis was dealt to the Orioles on Saturday for reliever Koji Uehara. "So I'll get out there and start playing and get to know these guys a little better." Hunter was 13-4 with a 3.73 ERA in 23 games (22 starts) for the American League champions last year. But a groin injury slowed him this spring, and by the time he was healthy, he had lost his roster and rotation spot. He pitched eight games in relief after a July recall, posting a 2.93 ERA in 151/3 innings, but hadn't made it back into the rotation. "Other guys stepped up. I got hurt. It's kind of the way the cookie crumbles," Hunter said. "If somebody steps up in somebody else's absence, they are not just going to go back to what you used to have. You stay with something that works. It's just the way they wanted to do it." Hunter pitched in relief against the Royals on Tuesday, but it's still possible he'll start Friday's game against the Blue Jays. "I came up as a starter, so I think that's the idea, to get back to the starting rotation," Hunter said. Bergesen a father1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds hits a three-run home run during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2011, in Kansas City, Mo. The Orioles won the game 8-2. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)MoreKANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Rather than get steamed, Mark Reynolds got busy.On a night when the gametime temperature was 107 degrees, Reynolds overcame a tough first at-bat to homer, double, single and drive in five runs as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 8-2 Tuesday.Reynolds could've done even more damage, but grounded into a double play with the bases loaded that ended the first inning."That first at-bat was real frustrating," Reynolds said. "I had a chance to hit at least a sac fly."Manager Buck Showalter, however, had some encouraging words for Reynolds."I patted him on the back after he came in between innings and I said, 'there will be another big at-bat here, let's go,'" Showalter said. "He accepted the challenge. I thought the double was the key at-bat of the night."A hot night, for sure.Research by the Royals media relations department could not find a hotter temperature to start a game at Kansas City. It was 106 for a game on July 30, 1980.Reynolds, who leads the Orioles with 60 RBIs, stroked a two-out, two-run double in the third. The hit drove in J.J. Hardy, who snapped an 0-for-18 slide with a single, and Nick Markakis, who had walked."I had the bases loaded again, shortened up, tried to hit the ball into the gap," Reynolds said. "He threw me a fastball down the middle and I was able to get a good swing."Reynolds hit his 24th home run in the ninth with Markakis and Vladimir Guerrero aboard to break open a 5-2 game. The shot to left field hit off the Royals' 2012 All-Star Game logo, which was unveiled before the game."I didn't know I hit it, but I don't feel bad about it," said Reynolds, who matched a career high for RBIs.Orioles newcomer Chris Davis also homered in the ninth off Royals rookie left-hander Everett Teaford, who was just recalled from Triple-A Omaha.Reynolds, who played with the Arizona Diamondbacks before this year, said he has never played in a hotter game."It was definitely really, really hot," Reynolds said. "We play in a dome in Arizona."Royals starter Bruce Chen labored through 4 2-3 innings, giving up three runs on seven hits and four walks. He threw 115 pitches."It was hot," Chen said. "But we all knew it was going to be that way and we've got a great training staff. They made sure we had plenty of fluids and electrolytes. I usually warm up for 15 minutes before the game, but I did most of my stuff inside before."Alfredo Simon (3-4) curbed the Royals on four hits for seven innings.Simon gave up a run in the first on doubles by Melky Cabrera and Eric Hosmer, but blanked the Royals on two hits the next six innings. Simon, who moved into the Orioles' rotation on July 16, walked one and struck out three.The Orioles increased their lead to 3-1 in the fifth when Reynolds scored from second on Davis' infield single. Before Davis' hit, Matt Wieters drew a walk on 13 pitches, fouling off seven pitches.Chen, who was roughed up for 10 runs and 10 hits in four innings in his previous start at Boston, did not make it out of the fifth. Chen (5-5) is 0-3 in his past four starts.Baltimore added a run in the sixth off rookie reliever Louis Coleman with Hardy's double to left scoring Robert Andino, who led off the inning with bunt single.Billy Butler's sacrifice fly in the eighth scored Alex Gordon off reliever Tommy Hunter.NOTES: Orioles RHP Jake Arrieta has an Aug. 10 appointment with Dr. Lewis Yocum in Los Angeles to examine his sore right elbow. Showalter said Arrieta has a fibrous mass growth on his elbow. He walked six in five innings Sunday in a loss at New York. ... INF Cesar Izturis, who went on Baltimore's disabled list May 13 and needed elbow surgery, reported Tuesday to Double-A Bowie to begin a minor league rehab. If all goes well, he could be activated Friday. ... The Orioles claimed LHP Jo-Jo Reyes off waivers from the Blue Jays. ... RHP Luke Hochevar starts Wednesday against the Orioles. He is 0-4 with a 7.98 ERA in five career games against Baltimore. Jeremy Guthrie, who starts for the Orioles, is 2-7 with a 3.80 ERA in his 10 road starts. ... Cabrera extended his hitting streak to eight games with a first-inning double. He also singled in the eighth and tops the Royals with 45 multihit games. He has hit in 23 of 26 games since July 2. ... Hardy committed a fielding blunder in the fifth, his third error in as many games. Hardy was charged with just two errors in his first 76 games. 
