3 View photosMinnesota Twins left fielder Delmon Young makes a catch on a fly ball by Baltimore Orioles second baseman Brian Roberts during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 18, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreFrancisco Liriano took a two-hitter into the seventh inning, and the Minnesota Twins beat Baltimore 5-3 Monday night to extend the Orioles' losing streak to eight games.Drew Butera had a career-high three RBIs for the last-place Twins (6-10), who have won two in a row for the first time this season.Minnesota led 3-0 before Liriano yielded solo homers to Adam Jones and Matt Wieters in the seventh. Baltimore got two on with two outs later in the inning before Derrek Lee to hit a routine fly to center against former Oriole Jim Hoey.The Twins made it 5-2 in the ninth off Kevin Gregg. After Butera singled in a run, Danny Valencia scored on a wild pitch.Liriano (1-3) gave up two runs, five hits and five walks in 7 1-3 innings. 
6  Kevin Goldstein just updated his Future Shock Blog with information on the progress of a number of minor leaguers so far this season. He focused first on Delmarva Shorebird Jonathan Schoop. The article is subscription only, but here is what he had to say about Schoop:  In a system very low on prospects, Schoop entered the year as the No. 6  prospect following an impressive showing in the Appy League, but he was  slid from shortstop to third base (where his tools profile better) to  accommodate 2010 first-round pick Manny Machado, and suddenly the  Orioles have one of the more impressive left sides of an infield in  Low-A. A 19-year-old native a Curacao, Schoop has good defensive  fundamentals, a plus arm and burgeoning power, and is now hitting  .326/.396/.605 in 11 games while become one of my better non-Top 101  sleepers of the early season.  It's a long way from low A to the majors, but given the lack of positional prospects in the O's system it's great to hear such praise for Schoop, who was rated the #7 Orioles prospect by John Sickels, who sees him as a breakout candidate. Orioles-Nation.com ranked Schoop as the organization's #8 prospect, and reached out to MLB Bonus Baby's Ed Hickey, to get detailed information on his swing for the Schoop's scouting report. It's interesting stuff. Hopefully we'll continue to hear good things out of Delmarva regarding the SS turned 3B.     
