3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Robert Andino (11) and Mark Reynolds (12) react after scoring on a seventh-inning single by teammate J.J. Hardy off Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher David Price during a baseball game on Friday, Sept. 2, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)MoreST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Zach Britton rebounded from a tough first inning and helped the Baltimore Orioles overcome AL All-Star David Price.Britton had his third consecutive solid start, J.J. Hardy drove in two runs and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3-2 on Friday night."The only way you're able to have a shot at that (beating Price) is have a well-pitched game," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Zach has come back strong and that bodes well for him in the future."Britton's current run has come after he being sidelined just under three weeks last month due to a strained left shoulder."The time on the DL, I tried to use it wisely," Britton said. "Talking to (closer) Kevin Gregg about building a game plan. Having a plan every time you go out there. ... What you're going to do. I feel like that's really helped me, especially out on the mound."Britton (9-9) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings. The left-hander was coming off starts against Minnesota and the New York Yankees where he gave up one run in a combined 12 innings.Vladimir Guerrero got Baltimore's second hit off Price (12-12) on a leadoff single in the seventh when the Orioles scored all their runs.Guerrero went to third when Mark Reynolds and Robert Andino drew one-out walks. After Nolan Reimold hit a sacrifice fly and Ryan Adams re-loaded the bases on an infield single, Hardy put Baltimore up 3-2 with a two-run single."He was carving us up all game," Hardy said of Price. "I think it might have been the only ball (a cutter) he threw over the plate all night."Price was touched for three runs and four hits over seven innings. The left-hander, who struck out a team-record 14 in a 12-0 victory over Toronto last Sunday, had 11 strikeouts and three walks."One pitch, that's the game," Rays catcher Jose Lobaton said. "I feel bad for him. He just threw it a little bit to the middle (of the plate)."Evan Longoria gave the Rays a 2-0 lead on a two-run double in the first. He has 60 RBIs over his last 64 games.After Jim Johnson threw two perfect innings, Gregg gave up one hit and two walks in the ninth en route to his 20th save.Pinch-hitter Sam Fuld opened the Rays' ninth with a single and went to second on Sean Rodriguez's one-out grounder. After Casey Kotchman and pinch-hitter Matt Joyce both walked to load the bases, Brandon Guyer hit a game-ending grounder that Hardy made a nice play on at short."There's a method to what he's trying to do out there," Showalter said of Gregg. "I understand that. It's not always real comfortable all the time."The Orioles had two on with no outs during the second, but failed to score when Reynolds and Andino both struck out, and Reimold flied out.After Guerrero drew just his 14th walk of the season leading off the second, Matt Wieters followed with an opposite-field single to right for the Orioles' first hit. Price then retired his next 14 batters before Nick Markakis reached first on a two-out throwing error by third baseman Longoria in the sixth.Notes: Fuld pinch-hit for 2B Ben Zobrist, who left because of neck stiffness. ... Baltimore RHP Tommy Hunter (flulike symptoms) remained at the team hotel. ... Tampa Bay LF Desmond Jennings had been hitless in his previous 12 at-bats before an infield single in the first. ... Orioles INF Chris Davis (strained right shoulder) is set to play in a minor league game Sunday and could rejoin the team next week. ... Baltimore LHP Jo-Jo Reyes left the team for the birth of his child. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz, skipped this time through the rotation, had a bullpen session and might pitch in next week's series against the Yankees. ... Tampa Bay RHP Wade Davis (8-8), 0-2 with a 6.17 ERA in two home starts against Baltimore this season, will face Orioles RHP Alfredo Simon (4-7) on Saturday night. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Hardy, Orioles rally late to beat Rays, 3-2Shortstop's two-run single caps three-run seventh inningBritton sharp after rocky firstSeptember 03, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — None of it would have mattered -- not the six strong innings from resurgent rookie Zach Britton, not J.J. Hardy's latest clutch hit, not the Orioles' stirring comeback against a seemingly in-control David Price -- had first baseman Mark Reynolds not made the right decision on the game's final play Friday. Reynolds realized early that Hardy's throw from short was going to bounce before it reached first base. He also knew that if the ball got by him, the Tampa Bay Rays, who had the bases loaded and two outs when Brandon Guyer hit the ground ball in the hole, were going to score two runs and deal the Orioles the latest in a season full of gut-wrenching losses. "I said in my head, 'We are either winning or we're losing,'" said Reynolds, who had the option of coming off the bag and making sure the ball stayed in front of him rather than taking an aggressive swipe at it. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "I'm going to pick it. If I don't, we lose. I just had the glove in the right spot. I guess I'm just getting pretty lucky over there." Reynolds' scoop of Hardy's throw bailed out Kevin Gregg after another shaky outing and ended the Orioles' 3-2 victory over the Rays before an announced 11,955 at Tropicana Field. It was the Orioles' fifth straight road win, and, at least for one day, it staved off the pending reality of clinching a 14th consecutive losing season. "The way he's played for how many weeks that he's been over there, he's been a Gold Glove first baseman," Hardy said. "I looked at that on film with him afterwards, and that was not an easy pick at all. I think it clipped like the dirt or grass so it was right in between, probably the hardest pick that there is. He made it look easy." Gregg certainly did not. Does he ever? In picking up his 20th save, the much-maligned closer allowed a leadoff single to Sam Fuld, then back-to-back two-out walks to bring Guyer to the plate. However, the way Gregg tells it, he got the matchup he wanted with Guyer. He also got his desired result, barely. "The bottom line is you obviously haven't acquired my taste in pitching yet," said Gregg, who has walked 36 batters in 52 innings. "It's what I do. It's what I've always done. And yeah, it'd be nice if I was like [Jim Johnson] and went 1-2-3, every inning I'm out there. But I'm not J.J. I don't throw 97 [mph] with sink." The frenetic bottom of the ninth blurred what easily was one of the Orioles' most improbable victories of the season. Britton (9-9) allowed two runs before even getting his first out and didn't appear to be long for the game. His counterpart, the uber-talented Price, dominated the Orioles (55-81) over six scoreless innings, allowing just one hit and striking out 10. "It looked like Price was going to pitch forever and not allow much," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "The only way that you're able to have a shot at that is to get a well-pitched game. It's what we've been talking about. Zach has had his nose bloodied a little bit, and he's come back. He's fine. That bodes well for him in the future." Even with Britton steadying himself and allowing just the two runs over six innings, the Rays' 2-0 lead never appeared remotely in jeopardy until the seventh inning. Vladimir Guerrero, the lone Oriole Price did not strikeout, led off with a single. After Price fanned Matt Wieters -- his 11th strikeout of the night and his 25th over his past 14 innings -- he issued back-to-back walks to Reynolds and Robert Andino. Nolan Reimold cut the Rays' lead in half with a sacrifice fly, then rookie second baseman Ryan Adams kept the inning alive with a single that ate up Rays first baseman Casey Kotchman and loaded the bases. Price (12-12) had his way with Hardy over their first three matchups, including striking him out on three pitches to start the game. But this time, after the Orioles shortstop fought off a couple of two-strike pitches, Hardy found the hole and bounced one into left field to score two runs and give the visitors the lead. "He was carving us all up the whole game," Hardy said of Price. "His cutter was moving a lot more than it was before whenever I've faced him. It still had the velocity. He was really tough. I think just that one pitch was a cutter that probably caught more of the plate than any of his other pitches all night, and I was able to find a hole." Johnson protected the one-run lead by retiring all six batters he faced. But the Orioles still needed one more big play from Hardy and the right split-second decision by Reynolds at first base to hold on. They are 7-6 against the Rays (74-63) this season -- 11-29 against the rest of the American League East -- and 6-1 at Tropicana Field. "[Hardy's] unbelievable," said Britton, who has allowed just three runs in 18 innings since coming off the disabled list. He jammed his thumb fielding Sean Rodriguez's comebacker to end the sixth but said he doesn't feel like it will affect him going forward. "I did not know a lot about J.J. coming in, but he's one of those guys when he's in the box, I feel like something big is going to happen every time. And you like to feel that about everybody on your team, but especially J.J. when he's in the box, especially in that situation he's in. I was like, 'He's going to do it right here.' He is probably my favorite guy to watch on the team." jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Struggling Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz likely to face Yankees on MondayOrioles lefty Brian Matusz has a 9.56 ERA in last three games but will continue working through problemsSeptember 03, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — — Brian Matusz won't have to wait long to return to the Orioles' rotation. Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Saturday that the struggling left-hander will oppose the New York Yankees in Monday's series opener in New York. Matusz was originally scheduled to face the Tampa Bay Rays today before he was pushed back to get another bullpen session in before his next start. "I think there are some things that him and [pitching coach Rick Adair] continue to work on," Showalter said. "[He's] made some progress. Also, it keeps some other people in line. I hope Brian has a good start and finishes up real strong, but this all serves some other factors involved. We want to keep some guys that are pitching better in line and also give him the benefit of having a solid work day." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Matusz is 1-7 with a 9.07 ERA. He has given up six runs or more in his past five starts, and he's lost his last seven outings. In three starts since coming back from a month and a half demotion to Triple-A Norfolk, Matusz is 0-3 with a 9.56 ERA, allowing 23 hits, five home runs and six walks in 16 innings. "I never want to miss a start, of course, but it's not frustrating," Matusz said. "I need to work on getting my pitches down to both sides of the plate. It's pointless to be frustrated over it. I'll just work on my stuff and get comfortable out there." With Matusz in line for Monday, Showalter said that Tommy Hunter, who was hospitalized after his previous start because of stomach sickness, would start Tuesday in New York. Hunter threw a bullpen session today and said that he feels much better. "I've never had that before, but it sucked," said Hunter, who was throwing up between innings while pitching last Thursday's series and home stand finale against the Toronto Blue Jays. "I just got sick. I don't know how else to explain it." Zach Britton, who beat the Tampa Bay Rays here Friday, will likely face the Yankees Wednesday. Showalter still hasn't determined where Jo-Jo Reyes will slot back in the rotation. Reyes is away from the team to be with his wife who gave birth to a boy, Hudson, on Friday. Strop eager for opportunity Pedro Strop's first day in a new clubhouse Friday was hardly a nerve-wracking experience for the 26-year-old pitcher who the Orioles acquired this week from the Texas Rangers as the player to be named later in the Michael Gonzalez deal. In fact, it was more like a reunion with friends. Seated near him in the clubhouse were Zach Phillips and Willie Eyre, two of his former teammates coming up in the Texas Rangers organization. Across the clubhouse was Vladimir Guerrero, who Strop also played with in Texas, though their relationship goes beyond that. Strop grew up in the same Dominican Republic area where Guerrero is from. Strop also got to know two members of the Orioles coaching staff — pitching coach Rick Adair and first base coach Wayne Kirby — from their days in the Rangers organization. "I knew they were going to make it real comfortable for me," Strop said. Strop, a hard-throwing reliever who has struggled through control issues, has made 33 appearances with the Rangers over the past three seasons, posting a 7.24 ERA. But he's never been able to establish himself as a regular big leaguer, and he hopes that changes with the Orioles. "I feel pretty good because I know I'm getting a good opportunity to pitch," Strop said. "It's a good opportunity for my career. It's a great organization and I feel good about it." Elite company for Hardy? Among American League shortstops, J.J. Hardy entered today seventh in batting average (.270), first in home runs (26), third in RBIs (67) and first in slugging percentage (.505). Defensively, he leads qualifying shortstops in fielding percentage (.990) and has the fewest errors (five). He has, at the very least, put himself in the conversation for a Silver Slugger award and a Gold Glove, but history says that Hardy winning both is extremely unlikely. Robin Yount (1982), Cal Ripken Jr. (1991) Alex Rodriguez (2002-03) and Derek Jeter (2006, 2009) are the only A.L. shortstops to win a Gold Glove and a Silver Slugger award in the same season. Around the horn Chris Davis (right shoulder strain) will play rehab games Sunday and Monday for Double-A Bowie. Davis will play first base one day and third base the next … Infielder Robert Andino scored his 49th run Friday, eclipsing his career total in 173 games entering this season … The Orioles Player Development Department named Single-A Frederick infielder Jonathan Schoop Player of the Month for August, and Keys left-hander Jacob Pettit Pitcher of the Month. Pettit went 2-0 with a 2.57 ERA in five starts for the Keys during that period, while Schoop batted .336 with eight doubles, a triple, four homers and 21 RBI in 28 August games … Single-A Delmarva strength and conditioning coach Pat Armstrong has been named the South Atlantic League Strength Coach of the Year. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
