2    GERMANTOWN, Md. (AP) — A baseball field specially designed with the needs of handicapped children in mind is set to open in Montgomery County.   A ribbon-cutting for the Washington Nationals Miracle Field is set to be held Monday morning. Players from the Washington Nationals will be on hand for the grand opening of the field, which has a cushioned synthetic turf that allows children using wheelchairs and walkers to play safely on the field.   The field is located in South Germantown Recreational Park.   (Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */One year later, Showalter's Orioles still a work in progressEarly success has vanished, but players stand behind manager, who believes team can turn things aroundAugust 01, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunKANSAS CITY, Mo. — Asked recently to describe his first year at the helm of the Orioles, manager Buck Showalter searched for the perfect word or phrase.Has it been frustrating? Exhilarating? Draining? A mixed bag?"It's been, 'Under construction,'" Showalter eventually said.Tuesday marks the one-year anniversary of when Showalter sat at a Camden Yards' dais and was introduced as the club's newest skipper — the Orioles' 19th overall, sixth since 2003 and third last season, following Dave Trembley and interim manager Juan Samuel.The next evening, the Showalter era began impressively with a 6-3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels. It ended a three-game losing streak and a stretch of 14 defeats in 17 tries. The moribund Orioles, who were 32-73 and on pace to shatter the franchise record of 107 losses, were suddenly a force. They won four straight, eight of nine and went 34-23 from Aug. 3 until the end of the season. var adSkipCounter = 0; The "Buck Factor" seemed to make a swift impact."It showed right when he showed up last year. Before he got here last year and after he got here. You could see it in the attention to detail, the accountability. That's his biggest thing," said left-handed reliever Mark Hendrickson, the Orioles' eldest statesman at age 37."It's one thing if we, as players, get beat by somebody who is better," Hendrickson said. "But if we keep beating ourselves, which we were doing, that's not tolerated at this level. And you saw it. It was obvious. There was a lot more urgency in the way we played."Showalter became the first manager in modern baseball history to take over in August and lead a team to more wins that season than it had amassed before the change. It was an incredible turnaround — and Showalter was lionized for it. He got his own T-shirt giveaway at Camden Yards last year and was the lone cover subject of the 2011 Orioles media guide.This June, the Orioles gave out Buck Showalter bobbleheads, which featured the manager on the top step of the dugout. Given his popularity in Charm City, the figurine could have been positioned walking on the Chesapeake Bay.The no-nonsense manager, of course, was uncomfortable with the fanfare. He kept pointing to other reasons for the Orioles' late-season surge: Offensive catalyst Brian Roberts had returned from injury, the defense tightened and the young rotation flourished."A lot of things happened that Dave and Juan didn't have and Andy [MacPhail] didn't have," Showalter said.He also cautioned that the run was just a snapshot in a lengthy season and meant little toward what he and MacPhail, the club's president of baseball operations, were trying to accomplish long term."I couldn't have told you what our record was last year. It's not the end game," Showalter said. "It's about winning a world championship. You're never as good as it looks nor as [bad] as it might look. I'm trying to define reality. Trying to evaluate yourself honestly without rose-colored glasses. Evaluate yourselves and be realistic. Be honest."A grueling 162-game schedule is a pretty effective microscope.The Orioles began 2011 winning six of their first seven, and the vibe around Camden Yards was about as optimistic as it had been at almost any point in the previous 13 years of continual losing. Soon enough, though, the giddiness faded.With two months remaining this season, the Orioles are owners of the worst record in the American League at 42-63. Combined with his two-month stint in 2010, Showalter's managerial mark through 162 games is 76-86. That .469 winning percentage places him 12th of 19 managers in Orioles history, just behind Lee Mazzilli's .480.The team's tumble has created growing criticism of Showalter's decisions, something that didn't exist in September. The bashing from Internet message boards and talk-show callers contains the same themes that were present during Trembley's and Sam Perlozzo's tenures: The manager shows too much deference to veterans, doesn't give younger players an extended look and mismanages his bullpen.Showalter said there's a simple way to quiet the critics: win."I always look at things with realistic eyes. I don't want sympathetic ears. I don't want 'woe is me' stuff,'" Showalter said. "Get better. … Managers, coaches, nobody's got all the answers. Every day passes, I get better."It's that attitude that has afforded Showalter respect within the clubhouse. That and his track record, which includes 958 big league wins, two Manager of the Year Awards and winning seasons with the New York Yankees, Arizona Diamondbacks and Texas Rangers."I think it is important to know you have a manager that has 'been there, done that' before. That plays a big part, especially with young teams," Hendrickson said. "I think that just enables us to trust him, and I think that is important because, with the amount of young guys that are here, you want to have someone that's got a little bit of a presence to him as a manager."1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees starting pitcher Freddy Garcia throws against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game on Sunday, July 31, 2011, at Yankee Stadium in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Freddy Garcia and Bartolo Colon have made life hard on the AL East, and easy for Brian Cashman.The Yankees general manager decided he liked the hand he held and passed on the chance to add to New York's roster Sunday at the non-waiver trade deadline."I'm very confident with the position I've taken," Cashman said after the 34-year-old Garcia pitched the Yankees past the Baltimore Orioles 4-2. "It's not like I'm blowing smoke, trying to promote our guys."No, I believe in our guys," he added.The two starting pitchers have combined for 18 wins and both have solid ERAs. Neither seemed likely to be a front-line starter when signed as a free agent in the offseason, long removed from their heydays in the early 2000s.But here it is, 2011, and they are New York's second- and third-best starters.Good enough to keep the Yankees, who certainly have no reticence about adding any piece they think they need, quiet at the deadline.Colon, now 38, was even once the coveted star in a deadline deal, when Cleveland shipped him to Montreal for a horde of prospects a year after he and Garcia faced off twice in the 2001 AL division series between the Indians and Mariners.Now, 10 years later, those two are the reason the Yankees didn't feel the need to give up any of their prized prospects."When you look at their body of work, it's been excellent," manager Joe Girardi said. "They have an ERA in the low 3s in the American League East, and that's hard to do."After Sunday's games, New York was two games behind Boston in the division, and comfortably in command of the wild-card race, 6½ up on the Los Angeles Angels. Statistics website Baseball Prospectus assesses the Yankees as having about a 3 percent chance of missing the postseason.Cashman said he spoke with every other team about adding players. He didn't get any attractive offers.It appeared the top two starting pitchers on the trade market in July were Colorado's Ubaldo Jimenez and Houston's Wandy Rodriguez. Jimenez went to the Indians for two top-level pitching prospects and two other minor leaguers, and the Astros never managed to deal Rodriguez.Neither pitcher would have clearly been a big enough upgrade for Cashman to risk a swap.After CC Sabathia, Colon, and Garcia, the Yankees can send A.J. Burnett (8-9, 4.23 ERA) and Ivan Nova (9-4, 4.01) to the mound.Behind those five, Phil Hughes has been inconsistent as he returns to full health following shoulder issues."We've had some surprises that have come out of nowhere for us," Cashman said. "I look forward to racing down the Red Sox and catching them and passing them."The Yankees also have left-hander Manny Banuelos and righty Adam Warren at Triple-A. Cashman indicated either or both could still have a role to play on the big club this season. Banuelos, especially, seems likely, though he was only promoted from Double-A on Sunday. The Yankees have just one left-hander in their bullpen, and Boone Logan has had some rough outings this season.Cashman also didn't rule out making some additions in August, when players must clear waivers before being traded."It's nice to have those guys down below, pushing themselves, as an insurance policy," Cashman said.Much better, the Yankees think, than having those guys on someone else's roster."I mean, who are we going to trade for?" outfielder Brett Gardner said. "Freddy and Bartolo were two great pickups in the offseason, and both of those guys have been tremendous. I think we're right where we want to be at." 
