3 View photosLos Angeles Angels' Peter Bourjos is congratulated by teammates after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of their baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Saturday, Aug. 20, 2011, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)MoreANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Another dramatic victory by the Los Angeles Angels gave them another glimmer of hope that this season can still come to a happy ending.Bobby Abreu hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly to cap a three-run 12th inning and drove in two other runs with a double, leading the Angels to a 9-8 victory over Baltimore on Saturday night and reducing Texas' lead over them to five games in the AL West."I don't think like we felt that we were out of it tonight," said Mark Trumbo, whose two-run homer in the ninth inning Thursday night beat the Rangers and avoided a potentially crushing four-game sweep. "We got a little momentum going in the 12th inning, and that obviously helped. Hopefully we're just going to ride this into tomorrow and keep doing what we're doing."The Orioles took an 8-6 lead in the top of the 12th before Kevin Gregg (0-2) gave up a leadoff single to Erick Aybar in the bottom half and hit rookie Mike Trout. Hank Conger laid down a sacrifice bunt to third baseman Josh Bell, whose wild throw allowed Aybar to score.Bell then made a diving stop on Peter Bourjos' grounder in the hole, checked the runner at third and threw too late to get the speedy Bourjos."I played with him coming up through the minor leagues, so I knew he was fast," Bell said. "After I got the ball, I just wanted to make sure that the runner wasn't going. But he's really fast, so you've got to get rid of the ball."Gregg walked Alberto Callaspo to force in the tying run and Troy Patton gave up Abreu's scoring fly to deep center on a 1-1 pitch."Every time you come to the park, you expect the best. But things didn't go our way at the end," Bell said. "I don't like the outcome. You've got to put them away."Hisanori Takahashi gave up a one-out walk to Bell and a single to J.J. Hardy in the Orioles' 12th before retiring Nick Markakis on a popup. Manager Mike Scioscia then brought in Fernando Rodney, who gave up Adam Jones' single to right field and didn't bother to back up the plate as Hardy scored behind Bell on a throwing error by right fielder Torii Hunter. But Rodney (3-5) still ended up with the win.Takahashi gave up a leadoff single in the 11th to Baltimore's Matt Wieters before getting the force at second on a surprise bunt toward the mound by slugger Mark Reynolds — who has only two sacrifice bunts in his five-year career and none since July 26, 2008, with the Arizona Diamondbacks. Robert Andino then grounded into a double play."It wasn't my decision. He did it on his own," manager Buck Showalter said. "I'm not going to bunt him there with where we were in the order because I know what his capabilities are. I appreciate the fact that he was thinking from a team standpoint, but it didn't come from the dugout or the third base box. That's not what cost us the ballgame, so it's not something we're going to dwell on."Jones cut the Angels' lead to 5-4 in the fifth with a two-out homer, his 22nd this season and fourth on the road. Bourjos chased right-hander Tommy Hunter in the seventh with his seventh home run, but the Orioles tied it in the eighth with an RBI groundout by Vladimir Guerrero and Wieters' RBI single off closer Jordan Walden.The Angels turned a 3-1 deficit into a 5-3 lead in the third despite a botched call by third base umpire Doug Eddings. Bourjos started the four-run rally with his 13th bunt hit of the season and the 34th by the team. He advanced to third on Callaspo's single, and both runners scored on Abreu's opposite-field double over the head of left fielder Nolan Reimold.Trumbo followed with a line drive over third that hit the line, but Eddings called it foul. Scioscia ran out to argue, pointing several times to the spot where Trumbo's ball kicked up chalk, and the animated discussion carried on for a good while before play continued.TV replays showed that Eddings got it wrong, but on the next pitch Trumbo blooped Hunter's 2-2 delivery the other way over the head of first baseman Reynolds to drive in the go-ahead run. Howie Kendrick smacked the next pitch into the left-field corner, driving in Trumbo.Angels right-hander Joel Pineiro allowed four runs and nine hits over six innings, struck out two and did not walk a batter in his return to the rotation after a 2½ week stint in the bullpen. In his previous four starts, he was 0-3 with a 14.85 ERA that sent his season figure soaring to 5.31.Pineiro, getting a reprieve because of an injury to the guy who replaced him in the rotation — rookie Garrett Richards — gave up hits to seven of his first 10 batters and fell behind 3-0 in the second inning.Reimold, who didn't have an RBI in his first 38 career at-bats against Angels pitching, ended that drought with a run-scoring single. Hardy added an RBI double and Reimold scored on a groundout by Markakis."I wasn't worried at all. I felt if I kept us in the game, I knew these guys were going to put some runs up on the board," Pineiro said. "They put up three early, so I said: 'All right, let me see if I can hold them down and let the guys come back.' And that's what happened. I thought my sinker was really good today, so it's something positive to build on for my next start."The Angels loaded the bases with none out in the bottom half, but got only one run. Torii Hunter extended his hitting streak to 18 games with a leadoff single and scored on Aybar's double-play grounder.Tommy Hunter gave up six runs and 10 hits over 6 1-3 innings and did not strike out a batter in his fourth start for the Orioles, who acquired the 25-year-old right-hander in a trade with the Rangers on July 30. He was moved up in the rotation to fill in for Jeremy Guthrie, who is missing at least one turn because of shoulder stiffness.Notes: Eddings will always be remembered by Angels fans because of a controversial call he made in Game 2 of the 2005 AL championship series at Chicago, involving White Sox batter A.J. Pierzynski and a third strike that wasn't. It led to the winning run in the ninth inning, and the Angels eventually lost the series. To this day, Pierzynski gets booed every time he comes to bat at Angel Stadium. ... Walden was charged with his AL-worst ninth blown save opportunity in 35 chances. ... Jones is hitting an AL-best .356 with two outs in an inning. ... Hunter is 0-2 with a 15.42 ERA in three career starts at Angel Stadium. ... Abreu's double was his 546th, one shy of Manny Ramirez for 25th place on the career list. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles blow lead, fall to Angels in 12th inning, 9-8August 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec | Baltimore Sun reporterANAHEIM, Calif. — What should have been an uplifting victory turned into one of the most deflating losses of the season as closer Kevin Gregg and young third baseman Josh Bell played starring roles in a collapse that only these Orioles could make look so routine. Called on to protect a two-run lead in the 12th inning, Gregg didn't retire any of the five hitters that he faced and grudgingly handed the ball to manager Buck Showalter with the bases loaded and no outs and the game already tied. Bobby Abreu won it for the Angels with a sacrifice fly to deep center off Troy Patton, the 9-8 defeat further extending the misery of the Orioles, who have to wonder if they'll ever win a series again. "It's not devastating. I mean there are things devastating in your life, OK in the world. It's a tough loss for us, but we get to do it again -- we have to do it again -- around the corner," said Orioles manager Buck Showalter. "A lot of professional at-bats, a lot of things to be proud of, we just didn't get it done at the end." var adSkipCounter = 0;  The unsightly bottom of the 12th inning included Gregg allowing a leadoff single on a two-strike pitch to Erick Aybar, hitting Mike Trout with a wayward breaking ball, and walking Alberto Callaspo with the bases loaded to bring in the tying run. It also included Bell throwing away what should have been the inning's first out after fielding Hank Conger's sacrifice bunt. Bell's throw was high and wide of first baseman Mark Reynolds, bringing in a run and putting the tying run at third. Bell then failed to get an out after making a diving stop on Peter Bourjos' ground ball, taking too long to look the runner back to third and make the throw against a speedy baserunner. Those two gaffes by Bell were clearly Gregg's focus after the game, not his own struggles in blowing his fifth save in 22 opportunities. Gregg has now given up runs in three of his past four appearances. In two of those games, he's faced five or more hitters and not gotten an out. "You got to take care of the baseball," Gregg said. "Sacrifice bunt and you throw it away. You have Bourjos running down to first. You have to know about his speed. Obviously, a questionable call at first base. If both of those things are done, you're looking at a different situation. It's part of the game. You have to move forward." Bell, who had a forgettable night, going 0-for-4 with three strikeouts to go along with the defensive gaffes, did take some accountability. "Things like that can't happen in those situations," said Bell, acknowledging that he has to get rid of the ball on Bourjos' grounder sooner, and the errant throw on Conger's bunt slipped out of his hand. "You come to the park and you expect the best and things don't go your way at the end. We had them down at the end, we scored two runs. We just didn't finish it." As a result, the Orioles have lost seven consecutive one-run games. They've dropped four straight overall and they are a season-worst 29 games under .500 at 47-76. They now have eight different losing streaks of four games or more and they've assured themselves of a 15th straight winless series. They haven't won a series since taking two of three from the Cincinnati Reds from June 24 to 26. They haven't won a road series since taking two of three from the Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field May 13 to 15. Now, they're left trying to avoid a three-game sweep by the Angels Sunday. "It just sucks," said Orioles starter Tommy Hunter, who allowed six earned runs in 6 1/3 innings, and needed just two innings to squander a 3-0 lead created by the Orioles' three-run second inning off Angels right-hander Joel Pineiro. "There's no other word you can really put to it. When your team goes out and they fight for you, it's tough to be on the [losing end]. You look back at the first inning, the second inning, the third inning, what differences could have been made to where it doesn't even go to extra innings. And like I said, it all starts with your starter." Trailing 6-4 heading into the eighth inning, the Orioles tied the game against the Angels bullpen as Vladimir Guerrero followed consecutive singles by Nick Markakis and Adam Jones with an RBI groundout to bring the visitors within a run, and then Matt Wieters greeted All-Star closer Jordan Walden with a game-tying RBI single. The game then became a battle of the bullpens, and for five innings, the Orioles held up well. Michael Gonzalez got both batters that he faced, and then Jim Johnson relieved him and retired eight of nine batters. His three-inning outing was his longest since he went 3 1/3 to get a save against the New York Yankees on April 19, 2008. Chris Jakubauskas followed Johnson and pitched a perfect 11th inning. Meanwhile, the Orioles offense kept squandering scoring opportunities. The Orioles had the leadoff man on in the seventh, ninth, 10th and 11 innings and never scored. Three of those innings ended with double plays.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles notebook: Wieters 'comfortable' in first start at first baseShowalter says struggling Gregg will still be closerBell demoted to make room for AdamsAugust 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunANAHEIM, Calif. — The Orioles had perhaps their worst defensive game of the season in a 7-1 loss to the Los Angeles Angels on Sunday, and Matt Wieters' playing a new position had nothing to do with it. With Mark Reynolds out with a sore left ankle, manager Buck Showalter gave his regular catcher his first big league start at first base. It was an uneventful debut for Wieters, who wasn't hit a ground ball. "I felt comfortable," said Wieters, who accounted for the Orioles' only run with a seventh-inning homer. "Once you get out there and get the first couple of innings out of the way, it just gets back to playing baseball." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Wieters has carried around a first baseman's mitt for the past two seasons, and he often goes over to the position during batting practice to get work in. However, he hasn't played over there regularly since he was a freshman at Georgia Tech in 2005. The move was necessitated by Showalter's having only a two-man bench after Reynolds' collision with the Los Angeles Angels' Mike Trout on Saturday while trying to catch Josh Bell's errant throw. Reynolds said he was a little sore and expected to be in the lineup Monday. Showalter also opted to give Blake Davis his first big league start at third base, and that didn't work out well as the rookie infielder made two errors. Davis had started one game at third base this season for Triple-A Norfolk. "I felt bad for him but it's something where supposedly he's a utility guy and plays all over," Showalter said. "It was a tough day for him. There's been some really good players that have had a day similar to that, so I have a little empathy for that. But at the same time if you are going to do the things that Blake is going to have to do to play here, you have to be able to do those things." Gregg remains closer A night after Kevin Gregg failed to retire any of the five hitters he faced in blowing a two-run, 12th-inning lead, Showalter stood by his closer, but his endorsement wasn't as strong as it has been for much of the season. "My options are Kevin right now," Showalter said. "I just think we are where we are right now. Kevin is capable of doing the job, and he's done it better than he did it [Saturday] night. The walk totals have been higher than you'd like to see, but it's a fine line that you walk. I've been supportive of Kevin. I think everybody has. He's done some good things for us and he's pitched in some tough luck, and he'd be the first to tell you that some of it has been self-inflicted. We'll proceed as we are for the time being." Gregg has blown five of his 22 save opportunities. He has given up runs in three of his past four outings, and in two of those appearances, he failed to record an out despite facing five hitters or more. Jim Johnson, who threw three scoreless innings Saturday, his longest outing since April 19, 2008, would be the Orioles' best option to replace Gregg, but the club still plans to move him into the rotation before season's end. "I think you're robbing from Peter to pay Paul," Showalter said when asked about the timing of Johnson's move to the rotation. "Obviously, with the doubleheader coming up [Saturday], I'd hate to think of him [as] out of the bullpen picture up until that point." Adams up, Bell down Bell, who made two defensive gaffes in the 12th inning Saturday, was optioned to Norfolk after Sunday's game. Tides second baseman Ryan Adams will take Bell's spot on the roster and meet the team in Minnesota. Adams, 24, is batting .283 with 10 homers, 37 RBIs and five steals in 93 games for the Tides. He was with the Orioles earlier this season and went 5-for-23 (.217) with one RBI in nine games. With Reynolds entrenched at first base, the Orioles could use Adams at third or play him at second and have Robert Andino and Davis make starts at third. Bell batted .174 (8-for-46) with six RBIs in 17 games for the Orioles. Berken back to Baltimore Reliever Jason Berken, who has been dealing with right elbow soreness, will return to Baltimore and have a magnetic resonance angiogram performed on his sore right elbow. Berken got positive reports from his consultation Saturday with renowned orthopedist Dr. Lewis Yocum, but the Orioles want to get his elbow further examined. "[Yocum] said he could tell if there was something significantly wrong. I would have had pain or felt more than what I was feeling. So that was positive to know that," said Berken, who will be placed on the disabled list Monday to make room for starter Zach Britton. "But until we see the MRA and stuff, it's going to be the deciding factor in what's really going on there. But I think [Saturday] was a step in the right direction, at least." Around the horn Right-hander Jeremy Guthrie (right shoulder stiffness) threw a bullpen session Sunday and will start Wednesday in Minnesota. Britton will start Monday, followed by Alfredo Simon on Tuesday. … First baseman Chris Davis (right shoulder strain) has left the team to begin his rehabilitation program at the team's minor league complex in Sarasota, Fla. … Infielder Cesar Izturis (left groin strain) will start baseball activities Monday. … The ERA of Orioles starters in the first six games of this road trip is 6.70. … Angels designated hitter Torii Hunter got robbed of a home run by Adam Jones in the fourth inning Sunday and saw his 18-game hitting streak end. … In the three-game series against the Orioles, Angels center fielder Peter Bourjos went 9-for-16 with three home runs, five RBIs and five runs. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
