3 View photosDetroit Tigers' Austin Jackson, bottom, is tagged out at home plate by Baltimore Orioles catcher Craig Tatum while trying to score from first base on a throwing error by Orioles third baseman Chris Davis in the first inning of a baseball game on Sunday, Sept. 25, 2011, at Comerica Park in Detroit. (AP Photo/Lon Horwedel)MoreDETROIT (AP) — Brian Matusz is in line to break a record held by Roy Halladay — but it's not a very flattering one.Matusz gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings Sunday in Baltimore's 10-6 loss to the Detroit Tigers. Assuming he doesn't pitch again, he'll finish the year with a 10.69 ERA, a record high for a pitcher with at least 40 innings in a season.Halladay had a 10.64 ERA for Toronto in 2000, according to STATS, LLC."I'm going to have a lot of motivation going into this winter, because I'm never going to forget what this has felt like," Matusz said. "I've got a lot of mistakes to learn from."Matusz (1-9) allowed a first-inning homer to Miguel Cabrera, who kept the pressure on in his push for the American League batting title. Cabrera left the game with lightheadedness after lining out to left field in the seventh inning. Detroit manager Jim Leyland didn't seem concerned about his slugger."He got dizzy," Leyland said. "I just didn't want to take any chances."Cabrera began the day one point behind Boston's Adrian Gonzalez, but raised his average from .339 to .341.Brad Penny (11-11) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1-3 innings for the win.Matusz went 10-12 last year and was showing promise, but this was only his 12th start of 2011. He had a wart removed from the middle finger of his pitching hand in early March, got hit hard later in spring training and later was struck by a line drive during a simulated game.Set to start the second game of the regular season, Matusz was instead scratched and put on the disabled list because of a strained rib cage muscle on his left side.Matusz came off the disabled list and made an impressive season debut on June 1, holding Seattle to one run and four hits in 5 2-3 innings in a no-decision. He won his next start, but hasn't since.The Orioles sent Matusz to Triple-A in late June. He came back from the minors in mid-August."It's a work in progress, but I fully expect him to be a very good option for us next season," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Once he gets back the command of the fastball, it is going to open up a lot of things for him."The Tigers have clinched the AL Central and are now playing largely for playoff position and individual honors. Cabrera hit a two-run shot in the first inning, his 29th home run of the year, and Victor Martinez, Don Kelly and Jhonny Peralta added homers for Detroit.After Cabrera gave Detroit a 2-0 lead, Delmon Young hit an RBI single in the third to make it 3-0.Baltimore scored three runs in the fifth to tie it. Pedro Florimon Jr. drove in two of them with a double, his first career hit.Detroit rallied back. After Cabrera hit a two-out single in the bottom of the inning, Martinez followed with a three-run homer to make it 6-3. Kelly added a three-run shot an inning later.Nolan Reimold hit a three-run homer in the eighth for the Orioles — an estimated 434 feet to left-center — to make it 9-6. Peralta's solo shot in the bottom half gave Detroit another insurance run.The Tigers are 27-9 since Aug. 19 and have pulled away from the rest of the AL Central. They are now hoping to secure home-field advantage in the first round of the postseason.NOTES: Leyland said second baseman Carlos Guillen (strained right calf) isn't ready to return yet. ... Detroit's Magglio Ordonez extended his hitting streak to 17 games with a third-inning single. ... Baltimore's Vladimir Guerrero went 0 for 4 and remained tied with Julio Franco for the career lead in hits by a Dominican-born player. Both have 2,586. ... The Tigers will send Doug Fister (10-13) to the mound Monday night against Cleveland's Ubaldo Jimenez (4-3) to begin the final series of the regular season. ... Baltimore hosts Boston for three games. The Orioles will send Tommy Hunter (4-4) to the mound Monday night to face Josh Beckett (13-6). 
3 View photosDetroit Tigers starter Justin Verlander pitches against the Baltimore Orioles in the second inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 24, 2011, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson)MoreDETROIT (AP) — There were 44,846 fans at Comerica Park on Saturday night, and almost all of them came to see Justin Verlander make history.Instead, a light-hitting Baltimore Orioles rookie stole the show.Matt Angle led off the game with his first major league home run, then executed a tiebreaking squeeze bunt in the ninth inning to help the Orioles end Verlander's 12-start winning streak with a 6-5 victory."This was a good night, filled with a lot of firsts," said Angle, who also took a shaving-cream pie to the face during a postgame interview. "I'm going to remember this for a long time."Chris Davis started the ninth with a single off Daniel Schlereth (2-2). Kyle Hudson ran for him and went from first to third on a wild pitch that struck out Robert Andino. Angle then laid down a perfect squeeze to put the Orioles in front.Managers Jim Leyland and Buck Showalter that the winning play came down to one veteran manager outguessing the other one."Jimmy's done that to me a million times, which is why he's one of the best managers in the game," Showalter said. "We were lucky. Very lucky."Leyland said he thought Showalter would try the squeeze, but didn't know when."I suspected it might be coming but, obviously, I didn't guess the right pitch," he said.Verlander was bidding to become the first pitcher to win 13 starts in a row since Ellis Kinder of the Boston Red Sox in 1949, according to STATS LLC. The major league record of 21 was set by the Philadelphia Athletics' Lefty Grove in 1931.Verlander broke the previous Tigers record of wins in 11 straight starts, shared by Earl Whitehill (1930) and Hal Newhouser (1946)."I haven't been paying too much attention to the streak, except when people ask me about it," he said. "So I'm not worried that it is gone, and I don't care that I didn't get the loss tonight. We lost. That's all that matters."The Tigers also fell a game back of AL West champion Texas in the race for the league's second seed.The Orioles scored five times in the first three innings. J.J. Hardy hit a two-run single in Baltimore's three-run second and Mark Reynolds added his 37th homer in the third inning."He's human, but it isn't exactly like we opened him up," Showalter said of Verlander. "There aren't many pitches coming out of his hand that are easy to hit."Verlander's next start will come in Game 1 of the AL division series."I wasn't executing my pitches, so I was falling behind guys and they were taking advantage," he said. "Hopefully, I'm going to have five or six more starts this season, and this one won't have mattered."Pedro Strop (2-1) picked up the win, and Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 22nd save.The Orioles almost had an even bigger start, but Austin Jackson made a spectacular over-the-shoulder basket catch to rob Adam Jones of extra bases in the second.Leyland compared it to the most famous catch in baseball history — Willie Mays' grab in the 1954 World Series."If you are a baseball fan, you've been seeing a catch like that one for the last 50 or 60 years — Willie's catch," he said. "This one doesn't take second place to that one or anything else. That was just an unbelievable catch."Jackson hit an RBI single in the third, and Detroit added two more in the fourth. Alex Avila drove in Miguel Cabrera with a groundout, and Jhonny Peralta added a sacrifice fly.Cabrera hit his 28th homer in the sixth and Peralta added a tying RBI single against Strop in the eighth, giving Verlander a no-decision.NOTES: Verlander has gone at least six innings in 42 straight starts, including all 34 this year. That's the longest streak for a Tiger since at least 1919, passing Hal Newhouser's streak of 41 in 1944-45. ... The game drew the biggest crowd of the season. ... The series finale on Sunday matches Detroit's Brad Penny (10-11) against Baltimore's Brian Matusz (1-8). Matusz enters with a 10.68 ERA, the worst in history by any starter with 10 or more starts. He would have to pitch 6 2-3 shutout innings to avoid breaking Edgar Gonzalez's record of 9.32 in 2004. ... Baltimore slugger Vladimir Guerrero picked up his 2,586th career hit, tying Julio Franco for the most by a Dominican player. 
6  The Orioles today sent Brian Matusz to the mound, a decision thought by many to be awful. Buck Showalter spoke of giving Matusz a confidence boost to end the season, but for the doubters out there it seemed the only possible outcome was another kick in the ribs to Matusz, whose season has been the most brutal for a starting pitcher that I've ever seen.  In an effort to give Matusz this so-called confidence boost, Showalter put out a lineup so putrid I can hardly believe that it found its way into a major-league baseball game to support him. Of the nine players in the lineup, only two of them (Vladimir Guerrero and Robert Andino) have played in over 100 games this season. Six of them have played in 30 or less games for the Orioles this season. And the ninth player, Nolan Reimold, has played in 84 games (but only 73 starts).  In short, there was a hole lot of crazy going on for the Orioles in today's game. Let's start with Matusz, who I believe never should have been given the ball today.  In the first inning, Matusz only threw fifteen pitches but gave up a two-run homer to Miguel Cabrera. His fastball was hitting 91-92 regularly, and while it sucks to give up a homer to Cabrera, he has hit 275 (make that 276 after his blast against Matusz) in his nine-year career.     Matusz threw twelve pitches in the second inning and retired the side in order, but he couldn't keep the good work up the third. He walked the first batter in the second inning, then allowed two one-out singles, the second of which knocked in the third run of the day. Cabrera walked after that, but Victor Martinez bailed Matusz out with double play ball.     The Tigers didn't score in the fourth inning, but Matusz did walk another batter, making it three walks in an eight-batter span. Matusz entered the fifth inning with a precarious hold on what could be called a relatively respectable outing. Two singles and a home run from Victor Martinez later and the game was entirely different, as Matusz had once again given up more runs than innings pitched. He completed five innings for the sixth time this season and the first time since August 28th, when he also gave up six runs. I'd imagine today was quite the confidence booster.  No matter what is wrong with Brian Matusz, what caused his troubles, and whatever he's having trouble fixing, it is beyond my capacity to understand how throwing him to the wolves today and last week against the Red Sox could do any good at all. None of us can know Matusz's mental state right now, but we do know that this is the first time in his baseball career that he has struggled like this, and that has to get into his head. Why put him into a position where he will almost surely fail?     But, as the title states, Matusz was just one of two misused players today. The other is Nolan Reimold. With the Orioles down 9-3 in the 8th inning, Reimold came to the plate with two runners on and hit his 13th home run of the year.  Back when the Orioles signed Vladimir Guerrero to his one-year, $8 million contract, a concern among many is what would happen to Reimold as a result. Well, today Reimold matched Vlad's home run total in just about half as many plate appearances. He has a higher slugging % and a higher on-base % than Vlad, he's a decade younger than Vlad, he makes about $400K per year, and numbers (both major and minor league) suggest he should get a chance. But he can't get regular playing time to save his life.  The Orioles are having a pretty good run to end the season, but today's game was a little glimpse into part of what is wrong with the team. They start a big series with Boston (big for Boston and Tampa Bay, not really for them) tomorrow, and on Wednesday the season ends.  Game notes:  Pedro Florimon knocked in two runs today with his major-league hit, a double to center field.  Brad Bergesen relieved Matusz and didn't do much to stop the bleeding. He gave up three runs in just one inning.  Jake Fox, another bench player who gets forgotten about on a regular basis, had two hits and a walk today, and scored two runs.  Robert Andino only had one hit today, but he did take three (THREE!) walks.    
