1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Hardy out 2-3 weeks with oblique strainShortstop will head to disabled list; Bergesen to be recalled, start WednesdayApril 11, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunA magnetic resonance imaging taken Monday on J.J. Hardy revealed a left oblique strain, an injury that will likely sideline the Orioles shortstop for two to three weeks. "It's hard to lose a player and characterize it as good news," Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said. "With the nature of this injury, nobody knows for certain what the duration is going to be, but certainly the news could have been worse." Hardy sat out two games last week with tightness in his left ribcage area. He returned to the lineup for the second game of Saturday's doubleheader against the Texas Rangers and felt something "grab" on him while fouling off a pitch from Matt Harrison in the second inning. var adSkipCounter = 0;  Hardy did not swing the rest of the at-bat, which resulted in a strikeout, and was removed from the game before the third inning. He'll join teammate Brian Matusz in starting a rehabilitation program at the organization's spring training facilities in Sarasota, Fla. MacPhail said the club will be patient with Hardy because this type of injury tends to linger, creating a situation in which a player could miss a month or more. "If you're not [patient], all the time you invested in the recovery goes for naught," MacPhail said. Manager Buck Showalter said both Cesar Izturis and Robert Andino will get opportunities to start at shortstop in Hardy's absence. The Orioles also have the option of summoning a veteran middle infielder, like Brendan Harris or Nick Green, from the minors, but at this point, it appears that they'll go with a 13-man pitching staff and one fewer position player. Bergesen likely for Wednesday Hardy's trip to the disabled list — a move that will become official Tuesday or Wednesday — will allow the Orioles to recall Brad Bergesen, who is in line to make Wednesday's start against the New York Yankees. Bergesen was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk on Saturday to make room for Chris Jakubauskas, but he doesn't have to stay in the minors for the required 10 days because he would be filling the roster spot of a player going to the DL. In his only start this season, Bergesen allowed four runs (two earned), five hits and two walks in 32/3 innings of a loss Wednesday to the Detroit Tigers. It was his first extended start against big league hitters in 21/2 weeks. Bergesen was nailed in the forearm by a come-backer off the bat of the Minnesota Twins' Denard Span on March 25, his final Grapefruit League outing lasting just four pitches. Upon sending him down Saturday, Showalter stressed the need for Bergesen to start logging some innings to "get his feet back on the ground." The Orioles hoped to have him make a couple of starts for the Tides, but Saturday's doubleheader and an unwillingness to pitch Jake Arrieta or Zach Britton on short rest prompted the need for another starter to come up. It's still possible Jakubauskas starts Wednesday. However, it is more likely that he stays in the bullpen and Bergesen gets the nod. Chris Tillman and Arrieta are the scheduled starters against the Yankees Tuesday and Thursday, respectively, with Britton, Jeremy Guthrie and Tillman in line to pitch over the weekend in Cleveland. Around the horn Top prospect Manny Machado is off to a good start for Single-A Delmarva, going 7-for-15 (.467) with two doubles, a triple, three RBIs, seven walks and a stolen base in five games, including the Shorebirds' home opener Monday night. … Right-hander Dan Klein, the Orioles' fifth-best prospect according to Baseball America, made his debut for Single-A Frederick on Sunday and allowed one earned run; two hits, including a homer; and a walk while striking out two over two innings. … Orioles leadoff man Brian Roberts is an 0-for-13 slump, but he's a career .300 hitter (15-for-50) with three homers and 10 RBIs against A.J. Burnett, who starts Tuesday for the Yankees. … Starting Tuesday, the Orioles will play 26 games in 27 days with the lone day off April 25. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Measuring Wieters' impact on Orioles isn't easyCatcher hasn't lived up to lofty predictions for offensive output, but value comes in areas not easily trackedApril 11, 2011|By Kevin Van Valkenburg, The Baltimore SunMatt Wieters, the man Baseball Prospectus dubbed one of the "most disappointing prospects of all time," leaned against his locker recently and chuckled as he listened to the question. Is it possible, the Orioles catcher was asked, that you've been called overrated and over-hyped so frequently in your brief career that the pendulum has swung back and you can now be considered underrated? "I don't know," Wieters said, breaking into a thin smile. "I don't think you can really worry about it, because once that first pitch is thrown, all those ratings don't really mean much." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Wieters has always been less obsessed with where he ranks, at least statistically, than the rest of the baseball universe. Even when he was lanky kid growing up in Goose Creek, S.C., and would sit in front of his television and try to emulate Chipper Jones' smooth tempo with a bat in his hands, he didn't give it much thought. He just wanted to play and leave all the analysis to those standing outside the white lines. But few modern players have seen their game receive such effusive praise one minute, then be subjected to such intense criticism the next. Even though Wieters won't turn 25 until late May, he has already been declared a bust of epic proportions by the people who obsess over baseball statistics and projections as though they are a beautiful math problem. Once considered a Golden Boy in the eyes of most sabermetricians, Wieters was virtually written off after only a season and a half in the majors by the same people who predicted he would be better than Minnesota Twins catcher Joe Mauer. "Whatever his [minor league batting average/on-base percentage/slugging percentage] .343/.438/.576 rates seemed to portend, that's gone," Baseball Prospectus wrote about Wieters last month, "along with the notion that he's a switch-hitter (he has hit .230/.278/.344 from the right side) or a power hitter. His glove and the dream of what might have been will keep him around for years, but stardom now seems spectacularly unlikely." Yet as Wieters' stock with stat gurus has plummeted, it has soared within baseball's camp of old school traditionalists. Ask the Orioles what has been the most important cog in their surprising start this year, and almost to a man they'll credit Wieters and the way he has guided an inexperienced pitching staff through the first week and a half of the season. "I think he needs to get more credit than he's already gotten," Orioles pitcher Zach Britton said. "I know some people have been praising him, but he deserves a lot more credit than we do. Obviously, we execute pitches, but he's the thinking guy out there. He's doing his job and reading the hitters. I don't know how he was last year, but he's pretty amazing, in my opinion." Even though he's just a rookie, Britton has some insight. Wieters coaxed him through his first career start as he held the Tampa Bay Rays to three hits over six innings despite not having great control. "I had so much confidence in him that once he put the finger down, I threw it. You've got to have faith in what you're throwing, and I felt like I had that. That's a credit to him," Britton said. "I think you'd rather have a catcher that's going to be amazing behind the plate than a guy that's going to hit .400 but not be able to handle a pitching staff. He can hit and he can handle the pitching staff, so it's kind of the best of both worlds." Hard to measure It does make for an interesting argument: Just how important, and valuable, can a catcher be if his OPS is under .700, as Wieters' was in 2010? How do you analyze a player when his strengths are categories that can't be fully quantified: defense, pitch selection and leadership? Against Tampa Bay in the first three games of this season, Wieters had what Orioles manager Buck Showalter called one of the best defensive series he has seen from a catcher. He threw out runners, he blocked the plate brilliantly, he snared three foul tips — including one in his shinguard — and he called a flawless game. The Orioles' starting pitchers gave up one run in three games. Pitching coach Mark Connor said he sat in the dugout for three days and "marveled" at the way Wieters called the games, then compared his feel for the game to Boston Red Sox veteran Jason Varitek's. Sabermetricians such as Bill James, as well as several analysts for Baseball Prospectus, have argued that, if you examine a large enough sample size, there is no proof that catchers have a significant effect on pitcher performance. Traditionalists like Showalter, however, scoff at that line of thinking.1 | 2 | 3 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
