3 View photosBaltimore Orioles left fielder Felix Pie (18) comes to the aid of Adam Jones, top, after Jones leapt in vain for a home run hit by Boston Red Sox's Jarrod Saltalamacchia during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, July 18, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Playing against a weary club, the Baltimore Orioles homered twice and reached double figures in runs for only the third time this season.And it still wasn't enough to reverse an annoying trend against the Boston Red Sox.Dustin Pedroia doubled in two runs to spark an eight-run eighth inning, and the Red Sox got home runs from Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Josh Reddick in a 15-10 rout Monday night.Pedroia, Kevin Youkilis and Darnell McDonald had three RBIs apiece for the Red Sox, who have won 13 of 15. The run includes a 16-inning victory at Tampa Bay on Sunday night in which Boston mustered only five hits.Showing very little signs of fatigue, the Red Sox banged out 16 hits in rolling to their seventh straight victory over Baltimore. Boston has outscored the Orioles 61-32 during that span."Frustrating," Baltimore shortstop J.J. Hardy said.The Red Sox checked into their Baltimore hotel around 6 in the morning, grabbed some sleep and put a whipping on the last-place Orioles."Just a tough game. We put up a lot of runs and they just happened to put up more," said Nolan Reimold, who had two RBIs. "They looked pretty sharp. Credit to them. They had a long game yesterday and then the flight and came out obviously ready to play."It was the first meeting between the teams since the Red Sox recorded a heated four-game sweep at Fenway Park immediately before the All-Star break.Boston designated hitter David Ortiz and Orioles closer Kevin Gregg began serving three-game suspensions for their part in a bench-clearing incident during that series. Both players were initially suspended for four games before appealing the punishment.The Red Sox didn't miss a beat. Boston fell one run short of matching its season high and had six players with at least two hits, including Pedroia, whose 16-game hitting streak is one short of his career high.After the Red Sox loaded the bases against Mike Gonzalez (1-2) in the eighth, Pedroia hit a tiebreaking two-run double off Jason Berken to make it 9-7. Youkilis added a two-run single, Carl Crawford singled in a run and McDonald capped the uprising with a three-run double."We battled back a little bit and had the momentum and it happened kind of quick," Hardy said. "Eight runs and then bam."Baltimore scored three runs in the eighth, but that just meant the Orioles lost when reaching double figures for the first time since Aug. 2, 2009. That was an 18-10 defeat against Boston.Hardy and Adam Jones homered for the Orioles, who have lost 10 of 12."A couple guys on, we might have taken a roll at them in the ninth," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "But they pitched a little bit better than we did tonight."Dan Wheeler (2-1) got the win with 2 1-3 innings of no-hit relief for starter Tim Wakefield. His performance was particularly noteworthy because Matt Albers, Alfredo Aceves, Daniel Bard and Jonathan Papelbon pitched Sunday night."We didn't have Albers, didn't have Aceves, didn't have Bard," Boston manager Terry Francona said. "(Wheeler) comes in and shuts them down for a while. That's what gave us a chance. He threw the ball really well."Wakefield gave up seven runs, three earned, and nine hits in 4 2-3 innings. He was undone by a particularly wicked knuckleball that produced a strikeout but resulted in a passed ball that fueled a five-run fifth inning that gave Baltimore a 7-6 lead.Felix Pie opened the fifth by striking out, but he reached when the pitch eluded Saltalamacchia and went to the screen. Hardy, who signed a new three-year contract earlier in the day, hit a two-run homer and Jones drove a knuckleball an estimated 434 feet into the left-field stands.Later in the inning, Reimold chased Wakefield with a two-run double.Youkilis' RBI single tied it at 7 in the seventh.After Derrek Lee hit a two-run triple for Baltimore in the first inning, Boston took the lead against Brad Bergesen with a three-run third that began with Saltalamacchia's seventh homer.Boston made it 5-2 in the fourth, scoring two unearned runs after Lee let a grounder to first base go through his legs. The miscue ended a run of six straight errorless games by Baltimore.Reddick homered off the foul pole in the fifth for a 6-2 lead.NOTES: Crawford (back strain) was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game and went 2 for 5. ... Lee's triple was his first since Aug. 17, 2009. ... RHP Mark Worrell, whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game, became the 900th player to wear an Orioles uniform. He was charged with three runs without getting an out in the eighth during his first appearance in the majors since 2008, with St. Louis. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles left fielder Felix Pie (18) comes to the aid of Adam Jones, top, after Jones leapt in vain for a home run hit by Boston Red Sox's Jarrod Saltalamacchia during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, July 18, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Boston Red Sox were coming off an exhausting night. They were missing their leading home run hitter and operating with a thin bullpen.The Red Sox casually brushed aside those obstacles and cruised to another lopsided victory over the Baltimore Orioles.Dustin Pedroia doubled in two runs to spark an eight-run eighth inning, and the Red Sox got home runs from Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Josh Reddick in a 15-10 rout Monday night.Pedroia, Kevin Youkilis and Darnell McDonald had three RBIs apiece for the Red Sox, who have won 13 of 15. The run includes a 16-inning victory at Tampa Bay on Sunday night in which Boston mustered only five hits.Showing very little signs of fatigue, the Red Sox banged out 16 hits in rolling to their seventh straight victory over Baltimore. Boston has outscored the Orioles 61-32 during that span.The Red Sox checked into their Baltimore hotel around 6 in the morning, grabbed some sleep and put a whipping on the last-place Orioles."You guys are putting more into that than we are. If had lost tonight, I wouldn't have used that as an excuse," Boston manager Terry Francona said. "Everybody is a little tired tonight, but you do what you're supposed to do."It was the first meeting between the teams since the Red Sox recorded a heated four-game sweep at Fenway Park immediately before the All-Star break.Boston designated hitter David Ortiz and Orioles closer Kevin Gregg began serving three-game suspensions for their part in a bench-clearing incident during that series. Both players were initially suspended for four games before appealing the punishment.The Red Sox didn't miss a beat. Boston fell one run short of matching its season high and had six players with at least two hits, including Pedroia, whose 16-game hitting streak is one short of his career high."After getting a lot of guys on base and not being able to get the job done (Sunday), it felt good to come out tonight and score some runs," Reddick said.After the Red Sox loaded the bases against Mike Gonzalez (1-2) in the eighth, Pedroia hit a tiebreaking two-run double off Jason Berken to make it 9-7. Youkilis added a two-run single, Carl Crawford singled in a run and McDonald capped the uprising with a three-run double.Asked if it was difficult to play after such a quick turnaround, McDonald said: "It's not tough at all. This is what we get paid to do — to play baseball. It was nice to come out and get a win after having such a long night."Baltimore scored three runs in the eighth, but that just meant the Orioles lost when reaching double figures for the first time since Aug. 2, 2009. That was an 18-10 defeat against Boston.J.J. Hardy and Adam Jones homered for the Orioles, who have lost 10 of 12."A couple guys on, we might have taken a roll at them in the ninth," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "But they pitched a little bit better than we did tonight."Dan Wheeler (2-1) got the win with 2 1-3 innings of no-hit relief for starter Tim Wakefield. His performance was particularly noteworthy because Matt Albers, Alfredo Aceves, Daniel Bard and Jonathan Papelbon pitched Sunday night."We didn't have Albers, didn't have Aceves, didn't have Bard," Francona said. "(Wheeler) comes in and shuts them down for a while. That's what gave us a chance. He threw the ball really well."Wakefield gave up seven runs, three earned, and nine hits in 4 2-3 innings. He was undone by a particularly wicked knuckleball that produced a strikeout but resulted in a passed ball that fueled a five-run fifth inning that gave Baltimore a 7-6 lead.Felix Pie opened the fifth by striking out, but he reached when the pitch eluded Saltalamacchia and went to the screen. Hardy, who signed a new three-year contract earlier in the day, hit a two-run homer and Jones drove a knuckleball an estimated 434 feet into the left-field stands.Later in the inning, Nolan Reimold chased Wakefield with a two-run double.Youkilis' RBI single tied it at 7 in the seventh.After Derrek Lee hit a two-run triple for Baltimore in the first inning, Boston took the lead against Brad Bergesen with a three-run third that began with Saltalamacchia's seventh homer.Boston made it 5-2 in the fourth, scoring two unearned runs after Lee let a grounder to first base go through his legs. The miscue ended a run of six straight errorless games by Baltimore.Reddick homered off the foul pole in the fifth for a 6-2 lead.NOTES: Crawford (back strain) was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game and went 2 for 5. ... Lee's triple was his first since Aug. 17, 2009. ... RHP Mark Worrell, whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game, became the 900th player to wear an Orioles uniform. He was charged with three runs without getting an out in the eighth. ... Wakefield's three strikeouts gave him 1,996 with Boston. Roger Clemens is the only player to have 2,000 strikeouts with the Red Sox. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Your turn: Was the final ruling on Gregg's suspension fair?July 19, 2011|By Matt VenselMajor League Baseball reduced Kevin Gregg's suspension from four games to three and made his fine easier on his wallet after the Orioles closer appealed the league's initial ruling. But Gregg is still frustrated that he is suspended as long as Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz, who charged his mound back on July 8.Yes, Gregg and the Orioles are still talking about a bench-clearing brouhaha that happened 11 days ago."I talked to the league a little bit. I talked to the players association a little bit. But the bottom line is trying to do what's in the best interest of the team," Gregg said Monday night after the commissioner’s office announced its final ruling. "Ortiz is taking his time now, so I still don't think it's fair that we have the same fine, same suspension. But we're going to move past that point and get on with the season."Now that the suspension is final, Gregg can do nothing else but move on from the incident. This should be the last time reporters ask him about the suspension. His beef with MLB is that he never hit Ortiz with a pitch -- he threw inside three times -- and that Ortiz charged the mound, forcing him to shoo Big Papi away with some shadow boxing moves; Gregg never landed any slaps or punches. var adSkipCounter = 0; Meanwhile, four Orioles were plunked in Boston's four-game sweep before the All-Star break, including Vladimir Guerrero, who is on the disabled list with a fractured hand thanks to Kyle Weiland."You look at the whole breakdown of it -- we lost our DH for two weeks, and they lost theirs for three days," Gregg said. "So, no, it's not fair. But what you can do? You got to play the game."And when the Orioles and the Red Sox played Monday’s game, Boston blew open a tied game with eight runs in the eighth inning against a shorthanded Baltimore bullpen. The Orioles lost, 15-10.Gregg will sit out the rest of the Boston series, steaming away in 100-degree weather on the bench. He has voiced frustration with his suspension at least three times now. Should he be ticked off?Your turn: Was the final ruling on Gregg’s suspension fair?     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Scott sidelined again, hopes to return this seasonOutfielder still aiming to avoid surgery on tear in right shoulderJuly 19, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunWith his right shoulder not improving as much as he would like, Orioles left fielder Luke Scott will be shut down for a couple of days, but he still hasn't abandoned hope of playing again this season. "Hopefully, it'll just be a couple more days. That's my goal. The goal was to be ready today, and just after these first two games, I'm just not ready to play yet. But I'm working to get there," said Scott, who played in two rehabilitation games for Double-A Bowie, going 2-for-6 with a homer and two strikeouts. "I like to look at things in a positive light, shoot for the stars and hopefully I'll be ready by the end of this homestand." Scott is on the disabled list for the second time this season because of the labrum tear in his shoulder. He has played 63 games this season and has been out of the lineup since July 3. Before reporting to Bowie, Scott did nothing for about two weeks, hoping the rest would ease his discomfort. However, his shoulder hasn't responded as he had hoped. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "I'm still dealing with this tear on pitches that are kind of away and pitches that I get out in front of, like breaking pitches," said Scott, who is batting .223 with nine homers and 22 RBIs for the Orioles a season after he was voted the team's Most Valuable Player. "There's no shrill or sharp pain or anything. It's just discomfort. It's been like this since May, where I haven't been myself. I haven't had the snap on my swing and [the] bat speed. It's been a challenge to deal with." Scott has maintained that season-ending shoulder surgery is his last resort, and he reiterated that Tuesday. However, Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Scott might need to decide soon because if he waits too long to have the surgery, it could affect his availability for next season. "That's Luke's decision. It's his body, his career," Showalter said. "There are options there that he [could] continue down this road, see if it gets to something that he can manage, and be productive. You can do the rehab, kind of what [Jason] Berken and [Jim Johnson] did at one time in [their careers]. But that is a three-month rehab. You don't do anything but strengthen the capsule and the things around it. That is an option, or you just go ahead and have the surgery. "Talking to [head athletic trainer Richie Bancells], if he waits a whole lot longer, he puts starting next year healthy in jeopardy. Luke has a lot of things to think about. He's aware of all those options. I'm going to kind of leave him alone, let him think it through and see where he wants to go … If that's an option in Luke's mind, something that he wants to do, he's going to have to do it pretty quickly so he's healthy and ready to start the season next year." More injury news Second baseman Brian Roberts experienced migraine headaches Monday, but Showalter said they weren't believed to be related to the concussion he had in May. Showalter also said Roberts felt much better Tuesday and could do some physical activities. Nashville-based orthopedic surgeon Dr. Thomas Byrd, who performed surgery on the left hip of Justin Duchscherer in June 2010, has recommended that the pitcher have another surgery on his hip. Duchscherer, who signed with the Orioles in February but has not pitched all season because of hip and back issues, will consult with team orthopedist Dr. John Wilckens before deciding. Duchscherer, who has had three hip surgeries, is not expected to pitch again this season. Utility infielder Cesar Izturis (elbow surgery) will resume playing in games Friday for the Gulf Coast League Orioles. He'll move to Double-A Bowie on Saturday and serve as the Baysox's designated hitter, then play shortstop for Bowie on Sunday. If all goes well, he could be activated from the disabled list for Tuesday's series opener in Toronto. Orioles acquire Phillips The Orioles acquired left-handed reliever Zach Phillips from the Texas Rangers for Triple-A infielder Nick Green and cash. Phillips, who is 1-3 with a 4.43 ERA in 33 games for Triple-A Round Rock, was added to the 40-man roster and will report to Triple-A Norfolk. Showalter said pitching coach Rick Adair and former pitching coach Mark Connor, who have ties to the Texas organization and have worked with Phillips, gave positive reports about the 24-year-old pitcher. "He's got a lot of weapons," Showalter said. "He has a chance to pitch out of the bullpen in the big leagues. I know Rick, those guys, they have had a lot of very close contacts with him. They think he needed a change of scenery. I like Phillips. He's got a good arm. I like him. I know two or three years ago before they got such a stockpile of arms, he was way up in that Baseball America prospect book — whatever that means."1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
