1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */I love watching baseball on TV, but can't take the Orioles any longerBaltimore's wretched team has ruined one of life's great pleasures for meJuly 11, 2011|By David Zurawik | The Baltimore SunTV baseball has been one of the great pleasures of my adult life. Coming home at 8 or 9 p.m. after a long day of covering a media world that has gone nasty and mad, I would click on MASN's coverage of the Baltimore Orioles the way some folks might pour themselves a glass of wine.Hearing analyst Jim Palmer explain for the 10,000th time that "baseball is game of adjustments" had the same soothing effect for me that I expect hearing the litany of the saints or the saying of the rosary has for some devout Catholics. (And I mean that in a good way. I love Palmer's commentary, and I think Baltimore is lucky to have him.)But by the end of Sunday's game with the Boston Red Sox, I was through with Orioles' TV baseball. After more than 20 years of faithfully following the team on TV, I cannot take it any longer. var adSkipCounter = 0; By and large, it is not the coverage that has driven me from the tube. Technically, MASN does a solid job; it throws a lot of resources at the games anyway.But given the abysmal performance and culture of losing that clearly remains despite Buck Showalter, all the pleasure of following the Orioles night after night is gone. All that remains is frustration and anger -- and now, I find myself yelling at the TV when Rick Dempsey or one of the other post-game folks starts pulling punches about how awful this team is.It was pathetic to hear analysts telling me Friday night that we should be proud of Kevin Gregg, the Orioles' so-called closer, for throwing in and in and in on David Ortiz. According to MASN, this was a sign of life and determination on the part of the Orioles -- showing just the kind of toughness they needed to play in the AL East. Heck, maybe, it would even be the spark to get them going.Right, unless you watched this hapless crew on Saturday and Sunday find new ways to lose -- and look like they didn't belong on the same field with a team like the Red Sox. I'm sorry, save the propaganda about the Orioles being on their way back for someone else.The most discouarging thing to me was reading pitcher Zach Britton's whiny quotes after he got sent back to the minors. Britton was upset because he believes he has a right to learn how to pitch in the big leagues. I thought Showalter was supposed to have explained to these guys that those days are long gone -- they are supposed to win in the big leagues. That's what I mean about a culture of excuses and losing.But I am a media critic, not the Orioles beat writer, and we have a terrific reporter in Jeff Zrebiec covering the Orioles for the Sun. So, I will leave analysis of the franchise to him. I also exclude him from this last bit of media criticism from me, because he is one guy who has been calling the Orioles out.It certainly is not at the top of the list, but I believe that one of the reasons people like Vladimir Guerrero come to Baltimore and play so poorly is that the media is so soft on them. If Baltimore talk shows hosts and analysts went after ball players here when they are lazy or stupid or fail in the clutch the way our media counterparts in New York or Boston do, I bet we'd get a much better effort out of them.Mainly, what it appears that guys like Guerrero do when they come to Baltimore is put on weight. Maybe less buffet and more pressure to perform is what we need. And a media that at least tried to demand accountability from these high-priced, under-performing athletes could help with that.So, congratulations Orioles, you have done what some really bad teams couldn't do -- you have driven me from one of my favorite nightly media rituals.I was a regular viewer of the Detroit Tigers in the 1970s when they were awful and I worked at the Detroit Free Press. I stuck with the Texas Rangers in the 1980s when I worked at the Dallas Times Herald and the team was so bad I cannot remember the name of one player today.For a couple of years in the 1990s when Pat Gillick and Davey Johnson were calling the shots and the Orioles could proudly stand toe to toe with the New York Yankees and Red Sox, following them on TV was way beyond a glass of wine in terms of pleasure. It was more like a double martini with a valium chaser -- and no hangovers.Thanks for those TV memories anyway, O's.Goodbye and good luck. And I really do hope you give me a reason to watch again -- someday. But I have to be honest, I am not holding my breath.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
6  Brooks Robinson participated in a lot of All-Star Games. Fifteen of them, in fact, in fifteen consecutive years beginning in 1960. He put up a number of good performances in those games, but his best game came in 1966, a year the American League lost the game 2-1 in extra innings. The 1966 All-Star Game, held on July 12th in St. Louis, was your garden variety pitcher's duel. And do you know what's important in a pitcher's duel? Defense. And you know who was awesome at defense? You know where I'm going with this. But not only did Brooks flash the leather during this game, he was also responsible for nearly all of the AL offense that day. Sandy Koufax started the game for the National League and pitched three innings, giving up just one hit. That hit went to Robinson, who tripled to left field with one out in the second inning. With Robinson on third and the Tigers' Bill Freehan at the plate, Koufax threw a wild pitch that allowed Robinson to score and give the AL a 1-0 lead. That lead held until the bottom of the fourth inning when Ron Santo hit a single off of Jim Kaat to knock in Willie Mays and tie the game. The score remained 1-1 until the bottom of the tenth inning, thanks in part to Robinson's performance in the field. Robinson played all ten innings of the game and cleanly fielded three pop ups, one liner, and four ground balls in support of his pitching staff. At the plate he did all he could to try and give the AL the lead; in addition to his second inning triple, Robinson singled to lead off the seventh inning but was erased on a double play. He led off the tenth inning with another single and moved to second on a wild pitch, but was stranded as the Giants' Gaylord Perry retired the side.    Finally, in the bottom of the tenth inning, the NL prevailed. Tim McCarver singled with no outs and came around to score the winning run on a hit by Maury Wills. Each team managed just six hits in the ten-inning game, with Brooks Robinson responsible for half the AL's total. That combined with his outstanding efforts in the field earned him the honor of being All-Star MVP despite the fact that he was on the losing team. The All-Star Game MVP was first recognized in 1962, and only twice since then has the losing team gotten the MVP. First with Robinson in 1966, then again when Carl Yastrzemski won the MVP for his efforts in the the AL's 5-4 loss in 1970. The Orioles would, of course, go on to win their first World Series in 1966. The recognition of their outstanding third baseman in the All-Star Game was just another feather in the team's cap in that outstanding year for Orioles baseball.  
