1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */With Roberts' hamstring feeling better, Orioles could see more stealsLeadoff man has dealt with soreness since start of seasonApril 29, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunCHICAGO — — As it turns out, Brian Roberts' reluctance to steal bases wasn't a result of concern over his back. It was because of a sore right hamstring. A day after stealing third base in the first inning against the Boston Red Sox — his second stolen base of the season and first since April 6, a span of 18 games — Roberts revealed Friday that he has been dealing with hamstring discomfort since the season began. "I wanted to be on the field, and I knew if I was trying to run recklessly, I probably wouldn't have been able to stay in the lineup," Roberts said. "But it's gotten a lot better. [Thursday] was one of those times. I told [manager Buck Showalter] a long time ago, 'Look, I want to play so I probably won't be stealing much.' Hopefully, that's going to change now that I'm getting healthy." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Since returning to the Orioles' lineup July 23 after missing about 31/2 months with a herniated disk in his back, Roberts has just 12 stolen bases and 14 attempts in 78 games. That has prompted questions about whether he'll ever again be the player who averaged 34 stolen bases a season from 2004 to 2009. "I was trying to be smart so I can maybe steal 30 the last 120 games and not the first 10. I told [head athletic trainer Richie Bancells] the other day, I said, 'I finally may have used my head for a week or two,'" Roberts said. "I wanted to run, but I sat there and said, 'Is this smart?' I want to play 162 games or 159 or whatever. Once I'm getting past that, no, I don't want to be the new Brian Roberts, quote, unquote. I want to run, and I think I still can run. I think I can still steal 30 bases, and that's what I'm hoping to do." Roberts said he started feeling hamstring soreness late in spring training, which he attributed to coming back after missing about 10 days with back and neck issues. However, it hasn't stopped him from playing and batting leadoff in all 24 of the Orioles' games this season. "I said when I came back, I don't want to play 120 games. I don't want to sit out 40 games or have one day a week off," Roberts said. "[Showalter] tried to give me a day off in that first doubleheader [April 9 against the Texas Rangers], and I said, 'Buck, I want to play; I'm good to go.' You're going to battle things. You're going to have nagging injuries. I'm not different than anybody else in this room right now. But when it boils down to me being able to go out there and play, I feel fine. I think I'm getting to a point where I can do what I want to do." The Orioles have stolen just five bases this season, tied with the Atlanta Braves for the fewest in the major leagues. Roberts' steals of third Thursday was the team's first stolen base since April 7. However, Roberts' getting on base and running could certainly set the tone and encourage teammates to steal more. "He's been nicked up, but we want him on the field," Showalter said. "He always presents that challenge. The opposition doesn't know if he's going or not. He creates a lot of havoc even when he doesn't run. I've got a lot of confidence in him knowing himself and the needs we have. He's another guy that seems to dial up what we need. I'm real excited about his play so far." Orioles feeling left out The Orioles are carrying two left-handed relief specialists — Michael Gonzalez and Clay Rapada — but neither has been overly impressive against left-handed hitters, albeit in small sample sizes. Lefty hitters are 3-for-11 against Gonzalez and 2-for-6 off Rapada. Both could play a role in this series with left-handed-hitting slugger Adam Dunn looming in the middle of the Chicago White Sox order. "We're cognizant of the issue, and I'm hopeful that it is going to improve," Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said. MacPhail also stuck by the struggling Gonzalez, who has a 13.50 ERA and has given up runs in four straight outings and in six of seven appearances this season. That included Thursday, when Gonzalez faced four batters and allowed three to reach base. However, MacPhail and Showalter said they were encouraged by the outing because Gonzalez's stuff was much better than it has been. "The results weren't what you'd hope for, but I was actually encouraged by the last outing and the velocity return," MacPhail said. "Some of his breaking stuff was crisper, like we've seen it in the past. I went back and looked at it, and when he came back from his injury last year, opponents hit .165 off him for the rest of the year. You just have to get him back to that, and I thought he got a lot closer yesterday. I was encouraged by the performance because we need him." Gonzalez would need to approve a demotion to the minor leagues, but MacPhail said that hasn't been considered. Injury updates1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Brad Bergesen delivers against the Boston Red Sox in the first inning of a baseball game, Thursday, April 28, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreWith Jon Lester pitching for Boston, Orioles right-hander Brad Bergesen knew he had little margin for error.Bergesen matched the Red Sox left-hander for six innings, but wasn't around to see the end of Lester's latest masterpiece against the Orioles on Thursday night."You know Lester, his career against the Orioles — I knew just every pitch mattered tonight," Bergesen said after allowing two runs on six hits and picking up a no-decision in a 6-2 loss that dropped Baltimore into last place. "I think the biggest thing for me was the sixth inning, getting in that jam and being able to get out of it."Lester improved to 14-0 all-time against Baltimore with eight dominating innings and the Red Sox averted a three-game sweep at Camden Yards.Bergesen escaped trouble in the sixth when Adrian Gonzalez's double put runners on second and third with no outs. He fanned Kevin Youkilis and David Ortiz, issued an intentional walk to J.D. Drew to load the bases and then got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to fly out to the warning track in center.Vladimir Guerrero tied the game at 2 with a solo homer in the bottom of the inning.But the Red Sox went ahead in the seventh, using a swinging bunt by Dustin Pedroia to snap a 2-all tie two batters after Boston's Marco Scutaro failed to execute a sacrifice bunt following Carl Crawford's leadoff double against Jim Johnson (1-1)."We got a break with the (missed) bunt and then they caught a break with the swinging bunt," said Johnson, "so it just kind of evened itself out."Lester could only shake his head when asked why he fares so well against the Orioles."If I knew the answer to that, I'd do well against everybody," he said. "I just pitch well against this team. ... I just really don't know. I'm aware of the track record I have against them, but I don't know how to explain it. I feel comfortable against them. I really like pitching here at this park, I've always felt good here."Lester (3-1) is unbeaten in 17 career starts versus the Orioles and boasts the longest active winning streak by any pitcher against one team. He yielded two runs on four hits, walked three and struck out five."He threw his changeup about as good as he's ever thrown," Red Sox manager Terry Francona said of Lester. "Some of those hitters, he really slowed them down. He was really good and he needed to be to give us enough time. He gave us a chance."After Derrek Lee's RBI single in the first, Lester didn't allow another hit until Guerrero's solo homer with two outs in the sixth.Baltimore fell into last place in the AL East, a half-game behind the Red Sox, who completed a nine-game road trip."It's great to finish up this road trip the way we did," Lester said. "The guys are starting to feel a little bit better about themselves now, and hopefully we can go home and really start playing well. To go 6-3 on this road trip, we'll take it, the way we started off the season."Boston's Adrian Gonzalez had three hits and two RBIs.Jacoby Ellsbury led off the game with a double and scored on Gonzalez's one-out double for a 1-0 lead.The Orioles tied it in the bottom half when Brian Roberts drew a leadoff walk, moved to second on Nick Markakis' single, stole third and scored on Lee's single, which ended an 0-for-14 slump with runners in scoring position.Ellsbury and Gonzalez teamed again to put the Red Sox up 2-1 in the third. Ellsbury singled with one down, moved to second on a groundout and came home on Gonzalez's single.Guerrero tied it in the sixth with a shot to left off a full-count fastball from Lester, who surrendered a home run for the first time in five starts. It was Guerrero's fourth homer of the season.Still, it didn't give Bergesen anything to show for a decent outing."The body of work was pretty good. I thought (Bergesen) gave us a good chance to win against a good-hitting club, and I was proud of him," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.In the eighth, the Red Sox loaded the bases with none down before Saltalamacchia's RBI single off Michael Gonzalez made it 4-2. Two outs later, Ellsbury looped a two-run single to center.NOTES: Ellsbury and Gonzalez have each doubled in four straight games. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz, on the 15-day disabled list since March 30 with a strained left intercostal muscle, is headed to the team's Sarasota, Fla., facility after throwing a pain-free 35 pitches from the mound in a bullpen session before Thursday's game. ... Baltimore SS J.J. Hardy, who has been on the 15-day DL since April 10 with strained left oblique, took dry swings, hit off a tee, threw from 120 feet and ran sprints in Sarasota on Thursday. Manager Buck Showalter said Hardy was scheduled to take ground balls Friday. ... The Rays-Red Sox game postponed by rain April 13 will be made up as the 1:05 p.m. portion of a day/night doubleheader at Fenway Park on Aug. 16. ... RHP Chris Jakubauskas (right groin strain) will pitch for the Orioles' Triple-A Norfolk affiliate Sunday as part of a rehabilitation assignment. He is eligible to come off the 15-day disabled list May 2. ... Baltimore is 1-11 when scoring three runs or less. 
