3 View photosTampa Bay Rays manager Joe Maddon (70) shakes hands with Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter (26) before the start of an MLB baseball game on Friday, April 1, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. MoreJeremy Guthrie allowed three hits in eight shutout innings while outpitching David Price, Brian Roberts and Nick Markakis each drove in two runs and the Baltimore Orioles opened the season with a 4-1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night.Taking up where they left off during a nice two-month stretch to end last season under manager Buck Showalter, the Orioles ruined a festive evening in which the defending AL East champions hoisted their latest division title banner at Tropicana Field.And, they did it with Guthrie outdoing last year's AL Cy Young Award runner-up.Roberts hit a two-run triple off Price in the fifth and scored on Markakis' sacrifice fly.Ben Zobrist homered in the ninth for Tampa Bay. 
4 There are a range of emotions after Opening Day 2011 for Orioles fans. The day started with fans having to find out that the Orioles number two starter Brian Matusz is going on the DL with a strained intercostal muscle. This is a huge blow to the Orioles who don’t exactly have a lot of depth in their starting rotation to begin with and also have question marks regarding how their young starters will perform.I have no freakin idea what an intercostal muscle is, but apparently it is going to keep Matusz out anywhere from 3 to 6 weeks. Obviously losing Matusz for 3 to 6 weeks stinks, but at least it isn’t an arm injury. The Orioles need to make sure the injury completely heals before bringing Matusz back and just be grateful there is no damage to his shoulder or elbow. This does give the final member of the “cavalry” a chance to make his major league debut on Sunday. You can forget the service time debate because Zach Britton’s service time is starting on Sunday.Enough of the negative stuff, the positive is that the Orioles started the season on the right note with a 4-1 victory over their division rival Tampa Bay Rays. In the grand scheme of things this is just one game out of 162. However, baseball is very much a mental game and opening day does seem to mentally hold more significance. Remember last season Orioles fans? The Orioles had the lead against the Rays going into the ninth inning before Mike Gonzalez blew the save. It was all down hill after that. Of course, a win on opening day doesn’t guarantee a great season, but it does represent a positive start to the season.As for the game itself, Jeremy Guthrie pitched a brilliant game and showed why too much shouldn’t be put into spring training. Guthrie struggled in spring training but threw 8 scoreless innings against a strong Rays lineup. Jim Johnson came in the ninth and gave up a home run before retiring the side on two strikeouts. Not much to report on the offensive side. The Orioles managed only 5 hits but remember it was against David Price, one of the best pitchers in baseball. Roberts and Markakis both drove in two runs while the rest of the lineup managed just three hits among them. However, when you look at the Orioles lineup you have to like what you see. One through nine, there is not one weak hitter in the lineup. It is a long season and players are going to go through slumps, but the Orioles have quality hitters throughout their lineup and when one player is slumping another one should be stepping up.Chris Tillman moves up and will pitch tonight. It has been said many times before, but it couldn’t be more true, the Orioles season will depend on the success of their young starters. Matusz is out, now Tillman, Arrieta, Bergesen, and Britton need to step up. We will start to see tonight just how good the “cavalry” really is. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Matusz's injury has Orioles already scramblingUpgraded lineup won't help them figure out pitching situationApril 02, 2011|By Peter SchmuckST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Just when everyone was starting to feel all warm and fuzzy about the opening of the regular season, reality crept into the visiting clubhouse at Tropicana Field late Friday afternoon. Left-hander Brian Matusz, who is widely regarded as the cornerstone of the club's pitching future, walked disconsolately to his locker and put his street clothes back on. Instead of getting ready to chart pitches in advance of Saturday night's scheduled start against the Tampa Bay Rays, he was getting ready to undergo an MRI to determine the cause of soreness beneath his left shoulder blade. The results would not cheer him up. He suffered an intercostal strain and could be lost for up to a month. The Orioles placed him on the 15-day disabled list, moved Chris Tillman into Saturday night's start and then did something else they had hoped they would not have to do so soon. They recalled top pitching prospect Zach Britton from the Triple-A roster to start the series finale on Sunday. var adSkipCounter = 0;  No doubt, that half of the evening news will be welcomed by a lot of Orioles fans, but it really isn't a very happy development. Britton would have been here in a few weeks anyway and the O's would have been able to keep him under reserve for seven seasons instead of six. This way, he may become eligible for free agency a year sooner. And, as they say, that was the good news, along with Jeremy Guthrie's terrific Opening Night performance and the O's 4-1 victory, but it was not a good day. Matusz will be sidelined for at least three weeks with an injury that seldom heals easily. Manager Buck Showalter also hinted at some other possible contingencies before moving Tillman up, but there was nothing else that would soften the blow of losing the club's No. 2 starter before he could take the mound for his first start of the season. The Orioles and their fans have been leaning heavily on the upgraded offensive lineup to justify guarded optimism about the club's chances of being more competitive this season, but the ability to go nose-to-nose with the beasts of the American League East on any consistent basis has always depended on the continuing development of the young starting pitchers. So what have we got here? Matusz is now down for an indeterminate period and the Orioles -- at least for a few hours -- were without a No. 2 starter for the second game of the season. Tillman was the obvious choice to fill that one start and Brad Bergesen could have pitched four or five innings on Sunday, but neither one of them had a particularly inspiring spring. Tillman had a respectable 3.93 ERA, but he allowed 31 baserunners in 18 1/3 innings. Bergesen pitched 17 innings against major league competitive and had a 5.82 ERA, also allowing 31 baserunners. You don't have to be a mathematician to figure out that's an average of nearly two baserunners an inning, which probably isn't going to get it done in the American League East. Obviously, it would have been real nice if the Justin Duchscherer experiment had panned out, but his comeback attempt appears to have fizzled. Which brings us back to Britton, who was the Orioles' most effective starter this spring. The club optioned him back to Norfolk a few days ago and clearly intended to delay his arrival in the major leagues until the end of April. Instead, he is now positioned nicely to make a run at the American League Rookie of the Year Award. Even though MacPhail's first instinct is to maintain control over his best young players for as long as possible, the Orioles found themselves in a very delicate position with Matusz temporarily out of the rotation. Even if they had filled out the weekend without a roster move, they would have needed a fifth starter on April 10. The O's need to build on last year's late-season turnaround and they need not to leave their fans any room to doubt their commitment to compete this year. That's why it would have been problematic to plug the hole left by Matusz with somebody like Chris Jakubauskas or Ryan Drese. Showalter did not openly campaign for Britton, but he made it clear throughout spring training that he is committed to trying to win as many games as possible this year. It's probably fair to assume he pushed hard for the best possible option to fill Matusz's place in the rotation. The last thing Showalter wants to do is risk a repeat of last year's disastrous start, especially after doing so much to wipe that memory out of the minds of Orioles fans and after the front office did so much to upgrade the offense. That offense found a way to beat one of the best pitchers in baseball on Friday night, but the Orioles weren't going to hit their way out of this mess. Listen to Peter Schmuck on WBAL (1090 AM) at noon Fridays and check out his blog, "The Schmuck Stops Here," at baltimoresun.com/schmuckblog.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' Manny Ramirez (24) grounds out to shortstop during the second inning of an MLB baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Friday, April 1, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, left, looks on. MoreEven with a couple of new names in the middle of the lineup, the Tampa Bay Rays struggled to score.Manny Ramirez and Johnny Damon each went 0 for 4 in their debuts for the Rays during Friday night's 4-1 season-opening loss to Jeremy Guthrie and the Baltimore Orioles.Evan Longoria went 0-fer, too, as the defending AL East champions were limited to four hits, including Ben Zobrist's ninth-inning homer that averted a shutout."Any time your two, three, four guys go 0 for 12, it's not a good day. ... Hopefully that doesn't happen often," Damon said after Guthrie throttled the Rays on three hits through eight scoreless innings.Damon, Longoria and Ramirez form the heart of a Tampa Bay order that had trouble putting up runs last year, before All-Star Carl Crawford and slugger Carlos Pena became free agents."It's hard to gauge our hitters because their pitching was that good," Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon said. "It's not like we weren't swinging the bats well. Guthrie was good, man."Taking up where they left off during a nice two-month stretch to end last season under manager Buck Showalter, the Orioles ruined a festive evening in which the Rays hoisted their latest division title banner at Tropicana Field.And, they did it with Guthrie outperforming David Price, last year's AL Cy Young Award runner-up."It's one day, but I sure like being on this end of it," Showalter said. "It's a tough place to play on opening day."Brian Roberts hit a two-run triple off Price in the fifth and scored on Nick Markakis' sacrifice fly. Markakis also had an RBI single in the third.In his third opening day start in four years, Guthrie returned 13 batters in a row between Dan Johnson's second-inning double and Zobrist's single leading off the sixth. B.J. Upton double leading off the eighth for Tampa Bay's third hit.Zobrist homered on the first pitch of the ninth off Jim Johnson. The Orioles reliever struck out Damon and Evan Longoria, then got Ramirez to ground out to finish the combined four-hitter.Guthrie walked one and struck out six."Throwing before the game, I felt good. I was very excited, really, wanting to get out there and go after it," Guthrie said. "It was a great crowd, but I was able to tone it down a little bit. ... I had a feel for the ball and was able to carry it over into the game."A sellout crowd of 34,078 — the sixth straight for a Rays home opener — booed Florida Gov. Rick Scott, who threw out the ceremonial first pitch. The fans stood and cheered wildly as the Rays' 2010 AL East flag was raised to the left-field catwalk alongside banners recognizing the team's 2008 division and league championship.Before the game, Maddon reflected on how far the franchise has come since he was hired after the 2005 season and helped transform a last-place team into a contender."I think at that time if I had spoken too loudly about" the prospect of winning championships "people would have thought I truly was crazy," Maddon said.With his first opening day assignment, Price became the 13th pitcher in major league history to start an opener, an All-Star game and a postseason game by the age of 25 — a select group that also includes Whitey Ford, Tom Seaver, Roger Clemens, Dwight Gooden, Fernando Valenzuela, Robin Roberts, Don Drysdale and Bret Saberhagen. Tom Glavine was the last to do it 20 years ago.The hard-throwing lefty allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings. He walked one and struck out seven, while losing to the Orioles for the first time in five career decisions."I felt good. But when you're going against another team's No. 1 and give up four runs, you're going to lose," said Price, a 19-game winner in 2010. "I've got to get better."NOTES: Ramirez made his 18th consecutive opening day start, the second-longest streak among active players behind Washington's Ivan Rodriguez (20). Damon has started 14 straight openers. ... Baltimore LHP Brian Matusz was scratched from his scheduled start on Saturday because of soreness on the left side of his mid-back. ... A moment of silence was observed for three St. Petersburg police officers who have been killed in the line of duty this year. 
