1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Earl Weaver auctioning 47 baseball items, including '66 World Series ringFormer Orioles manager could make up to $150,000 from memorabilia saleMay 09, 2011|By Mike Klingaman, The Baltimore SunWhen Earl Weaver cleans out his garage, he doesn't hold a yard sale. He has a headline-grabbing event sure to make collectors drool. The bidding on his baseball memorabilia could net the Orioles' Hall of Fame manager as much as $150,000, said David Hunt, president of Hunt Auctions, who is peddling a number of Weaver's keepsakes Saturday in Chicago. A 1966 Orioles World Series championship ring and Weaver's Baseball Hall of Fame induction ring are on the block, along with 45 other items bestowed on Weaver during his 17 years as the Orioles' winningest manager, between 1968 and 1986. var adSkipCounter = 0;  He is selling a lot of his stuff now to avoid potential conflicts among his heirs when he's gone, Weaver said. "Not all of my things are worth the same, so how would it be distributed to my four children?" he said. "They might all want the same piece, and I don't want them to get disturbed or mad. "The smartest thing I can do is to sell [the memorabilia], take the money and divide it equally, so they can do what they want -- whether it's to set up a college fund for a grandchild, or take a trip around the world. That way, I'll get to watch them enjoy the money, too." Weaver's children -- Michael, Rhonda, Terry and Kim -- range in age from 52 to 60. They all agreed with his plan. "It's tough, we all hate to get rid of these things, but I know it's the best thing to do," said Weaver, 80, of Pembroke Pines, Fla. "It's not gonna cause any problems." The online pre-bidding for his mementos is heating up. As of Monday, the high bid for Weaver's 1966 World Series ring (which he received for managing Rochester, the Orioles' Triple-A farm team ) was $13,860, while the value of the Hall of Fame ring had reached $13,500. Both are expected to bring between $15,000 and $20,000, Hunt said. "Many of Earl's items are already either above or quickly approaching the estimate levels, and there has been a ton of interest in his things nationally," the auctioneer said. "It shows that not only is Earl is an iconic figure in Baltimore sports history, but that his popularity transmits across the country. "He really is one of the greatest managers of all time." Hunt Auctions, of Exton, Pa., has handled the collections of other Baseball Hall of Famers, including Robin Roberts, Whitey Ford, Joe DiMaggio and Walter Johnson. More often, it's the families of deceased players who put their wares up for sale, Hunt said. "It's very forward-thinking of athletes to decide what they want to sell and what they want to keep," Hunt said. "There are no better stewards than the players themselves." Other Weaver items include: * A 1983 Manager of the Decade presentation clock * A commemorative wristwatch given to him at Cooperstown * A black-and-orange jacket worn by Weaver during Orioles games. It's not known whether he was ever ejected while wearing it. A complete list of Weaver's collectibles can be found at huntauctions.com. Online pre-bidding ends Thursday at 10p.m. Bids for the live auction, which starts Saturday at 6p.m., can be made online, via phone (610-524-0822) or in person at the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame in Chicago. Weaver said he won't part with all his treasures. "I've got the ones I want," he said. "They're more keepsakes than anything and aren't worth robbing the house for." Like a photo of Hall of Fame shortstop Cal Ripken, Jr. who wrote, Thanks, Skip, for the switch from third base. And, hands off Weaver's four American League pennant rings. "Thank God, I've got four of them," he said -- one for each child. Weaver also dispelled any notion that he is selling his wares because of hard times. "Earl don't need the money," he said. His agent, Dick Gordon, agreed. "Extravagence is not in Earl's vocabulary," said Gordon, of Baltimore. "How frugal is he? When he goes to the track, Earl bets $2 a race." Who'll buy Weaver's goods? "I hope they are Orioles fans," Weaver said. "I know the stuff will be worth a lot more when they put me six feet under." Here's hoping that at least some of it stays in Baltimore, said Mike Gibbons, executive director of the Babe Ruth Birthplace and Sports Legends Museums. "I'd love to display those things, though we have no budget to buy them," Gibbons said. "Maybe someone will loan them to the museum, so the public can enjoy them." One of Weaver's most cherished possessions -- his 1970 Orioles World Series championship ring -- was stolen about 35 years ago. "While I managed the Orioles, we rented our house in Florida every summer," he said. "I left the ring in a box, in a dresser drawer, and when we came home one year it was gone." The ring has never turned up, Weaver said: "I'll never know what happened to it. We still have the dresser, and I go through it at least once a year, just to check again."     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
