3 View photosBaltimore Orioles relief pitcher Koji Uehara pitches to a Kansas City Royals batter during the eighth inning of a baseball game in Kansas City, Mo., Tuesday, May 3, 2011. The Royals defeated the Orioles 6-5. MoreVladimir Guerrero drew his first walk of the season, putting Brad Bergesen in line for his first victory.Guerrero led off Baltimore's two-run sixth with his first walk in 115 plate-appearances, an Orioles record to start the season. The Orioles' bullpen failed to hold the one-run advantage for Bergesen in a 6-5, 10-inning loss to the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night.Bergesen was pulled after five innings and 94 pitches, allowing four runs — three earned — on six hits and a walk."He needs to get a little deeper into the game," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He was at 90 pitches in the fifth inning, but was a chance to win. It looked like it took a little while for him to adjust. There were a lot of foul balls and not a lot of swing-and-misses. We've got to have something to put them away with."It was the first time in his five starts that Bergesen left with a lead. The Orioles had scored a total of three runs while he was on the mound in his first four starts."I knew I needed to get a few more innings in," Bergesen said. "That's my style, to keep a low pitch count and go deep. It's frustrating that I can't get deep into the game. I think one time I looked up there and I was at 44 (pitches). That made it tough to go deep. I never like going less than six (innings)."Jeff Francoeur drove home the winning run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th after hitting a tying homer in the sixth.Alex Gordon walked on four pitches from Jason Berken (0-2) to lead off the 10th and went to third on Billy Butler's single to center. Francoeur then lofted a fly to right for the winning run."In this situation and that part of the lineup, that's the last thing you want to do, to walk the leadoff guy," Berken said. "It's a tough situation you put yourself in. I thought I made a pretty good pitch to Butler, but he was able to get his bat on it. But the key to the inning was you can't walk a leadoff hitter in extra innings in that part of the lineup."Rookie left-hander Tim Collins (2-1) retired the only batter he faced to pick up the victory. Luke Scott hit a three-run homer, his fourth in six Baltimore games, to tie the score at 3 in the fourth. Scott homered to right after singles by Guerrero and Adam Jones.Guerrero and Mark Reynolds walked to start the sixth. Jones hit an RBI single to tie it. The Orioles went ahead 5-4 on Matt Wieters' sacrifice fly.Francoeur led off the bottom of the sixth with his team-leading seventh home run on a 3-1 pitch from Jeremy Accardo.The Royals jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the second, which included run-producing doubles from Wilson Betemit and Mike Aviles. Bryan Pena had a sacrifice fly for the other run.Melky Cabrera's double to the left-field corner in the fifth scored Chris Getz, who reached on a Cesar Izturis error.Royals left-hander Jeff Francis was pulled after 5 1-3 innings, allowing five runs on six hits and four walks, while striking out four. Francis, who signed as a free agent in January, is winless in his first seven starts.Notes: Orioles 2B Brian Roberts had a root canal Tuesday and did not play. Cesar Izturis replaced Roberts, who had started the first 27 games at second. "Hopefully it's something that won't keep him down for long," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. ... SS J.J. Hardy, who is on the disabled list with a strained left oblique, could be going to the minors in the next couple of days for a rehab assignment, Showalter said. ... Betemit made his first start of the season at first base for the Royals. It was his 63rd game and 39th start at the position. ... Royals RHP Robinson Tejeda, who is on the DL with shoulder inflammation, threw his second batting practice Tuesday. ... Royals CF Jarrod Dyson, who left after spraining his left ankle in the first inning Sunday, did not play. "He's feeling better," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "He came in (Monday, an off day) and had treatment. It was a little bit sore, but at the end of treatment most of that soreness was gone." 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Hardy to begin rehab stint with Triple-A Norfolk FridayShortstop hopes to return for next week's home series vs. MarinersMay 04, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunKANSAS CITY, Mo. — J.J. Hardy reported to the Orioles' minor league spring training complex in Sarasota, Fla., Wednesday for what he hopes will be the last time. The shortstop, who hasn't played since April 9 because of a strained left oblique, took batting practice on the field for the first time and got through his workout feeling good. Hardy will fly to Norfolk, Va., on Thursday and begin a rehab stint with the Triple-A Tides on Friday. "It took a little bit longer than I thought, but I feel good," said Hardy, who went on the disabled list after feeling a stabbing pain in his side while taking a swing in Game 2 of the April 9 doubleheader against the Texas Rangers. "I feel confident that it's all healed up. I took two weeks of really doing nothing except ice and treatment. Once I started doing baseball stuff and exercises, I never really felt that pain again. It was tight, it was sore, but that's really the last pain that I felt." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Hardy treated Wednesday like a normal pre-game workout. He took ground balls, ran the bases, got some throws in and took batting practice at Twin Lakes Park. "The first day I swung, which was just dry swings, they were 50-60 percent, pretty hesitant," Hardy said. "The next day, probably the same thing. But I kind of gradually built it up to the last three days, I've been swinging as hard as I can and I didn't feel anything at all. I don't think there's any reason to be hesitant. I feel I'm healthy enough to be good to go." The Orioles, who have been going primarily with Robert Andino at shortstop, haven't decided how long Hardy's rehabilitation stint will last, but if Hardy has no setbacks, it's expected that he'll be available during next week's home series against the Seattle Mariners, which runs from Tuesday to next Thursday. "It's all going to be a feel thing," Hardy said. "I know the first game, I'm guessing that I'll probably play six innings, get three or four ABs, and then I'd like to start playing a full game over the next two games. If I feel like I made the adjustments I need to make, that could be enough. But it's up to them." More rehab news The Orioles officially announced that right-hander Alfredo Simon, who is on the restricted list while a suspect in a fatal shooting Jan. 1 in the Dominican Republic, will pitch his first affiliated game of 2011 for Double-A Bowie at 11:05 a.m. Thursday at Prince George's Stadium. It is against the Harrisburg Senators. "Major League Baseball and the Major League Baseball Players Association have reached an agreement to allow Alfredo Simon to go on a rehab assignment beginning with tomorrow's game in Bowie," Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said. Once he builds himself up, the Orioles will have to take him off the restricted list and put him on the 25-man roster. Simon is scheduled to throw four or five innings Thursday and pitch again for the Baysox on Wednesday. Left-hander Brian Matusz (strained left intercostal muscle) got through a bullpen and live batting practice session with no problems. He'll throw two or three innings in an extended spring game Saturday and likely join a higher affiliate to continue his rehab. Ailing Scott in, Guerrero out Luke Scott made his first start of the season Wednesday at designated hitter despite a sore right shoulder that he acknowledged has become a concern. Scott has been dealing with several nagging injuries, but he says it's the shoulder that is giving him the most trouble. He said he might get it looked at when the team returns to Baltimore, depending on how it feels over the next couple of days. "My shoulder is the only thing that really concerns me," said Scott, who entered Wednesday's game hitting .344 with four homers and nine RBIs in his past eight games. "I've been in a lot of prayer over that. I don't know exactly what it's from. There are just some sore spots. I may get it checked out. I'll have more information when I go home. I'm not different than anybody else. We all have nagging injuries that we play through." Felix Pie started in left field, and Vladimir Guerrero got his first day off. Orioles manager Buck Showalter is considering starting Pie in Thursday's series finale here as well. Second baseman Brian Roberts returned to the lineup after missing Tuesday's game following a root canal. Paying homage Jeremy Guthrie, Matt Wieters, Clay Rapada, Cesar Izturis, Jake Fox, Koji Uehara, Pie and Guerrero toured the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum this morning. The trip was organized by director of public relations Monica Barlow, and a camera crew from Mid-Atlantic Sports Network accompanied the group. Minor league notes1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
