3 The difference between the current Tampa Bay team and the one that opened the season with six straight defeats was made evident this weekend during the Rays' three-game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles.B.J. Upton drove in four runs, Matt Joyce hit two doubles and scored twice, and Tampa Bay never trailed in a 5-3 victory Sunday.Not only did the Rays set a single-season franchise record with their eighth consecutive road win, but they avenged a three-game sweep by the Orioles in Tampa Bay to open the season."We won three against them, they won three against us. That's about all the payback you can get," Rays designated hitter Johnny Damon said. "They caught us at the right time at our place and we caught them at the right time here."Tampa Bay is 20-8 after starting 0-6. The Rays are hitting better, pitching effectively and riding a crest of momentum that has carried them into contention in the AL East."We're playing good baseball right now," said Ben Zobrist, who had two hits and is riding a 14-game hitting streak. "We're hitting the ball really well, scoring some runs, which is nice. It keeps things going, everybody gets excited when you're scoring a lot of runs."The return of Evan Longoria has helped, too. Longoria, who left the second game of the season with a strained left oblique, went 5 for 12 with five RBIs in this three-game series."I think we played, what, a game and a half without Longoria out there?" Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "That certainly makes it a completely different look."Upton had four hits and no RBIs in the first three-game series between the teams. In this one, he went 7 for 14 with eight runs driven in.Upton received a two-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Saturday for his demonstrative actions after being ejected from a game on Wednesday. The outfielder appealed the suspension because he wanted to play in Baltimore, where he experienced much success in the past."I like hitting here because I normally have a lot of family and friends come in," said Upton, who was born in Norfolk, Va. "This is a good field for me, it's kind of close to home and I like playing here."After hitting a three-run homer Saturday, Upton had a pair of two-run singles Sunday. He is batting .297 with nine homers and 31 RBIs in 39 games at Camden Yards."Yeah, he felt really strongly about playing here," manager Joe Maddon said. "Nice job."Derrek Lee homered for the last-place Orioles, who have lost four straight to fall a season-high five games under .500 (14-19). Baltimore got only six hits."Things haven't gone our way — yet. We're definitely underachieving," left fielder Luke Scott said. "We can do a whole lot better than we're doing. It will happen. It's a long season."Tampa Bay's Wade Davis (4-2) allowed three runs, four hits and five walks in five innings. He has won his last four starts.Kyle Farnsworth got four outs for his seventh save in eight opportunities.Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen (0-4) yielded five runs and nine hits in 4 2-3 innings. He is 0-5 lifetime against the Rays and has not completed the sixth inning in any of his five starts.Tampa Bay used four straight hits to take a 3-0 lead in the fourth. Damon doubled and scored on a bloop single by Longoria, who took third on a double by Joyce. Upton followed with a two-run single.Matt Wieters hit a two-run double in the bottom half, but the Orioles stranded two runners for the third time in four innings.The Rays made it 5-2 in the fifth. After Zobrist singled and Joyce hit a ground-rule double with two outs, Upton bounced a single up the middle to chase Bergesen.Lee led off the Baltimore half with his fourth home run, only the second allowed by Wade this season.NOTES: Rays OF Brandon Guyer, who homered in his first major league at-bat Friday night, was optioned to Triple-A Durham. Tampa Bay recalled RHP Rob Delaney from the same club, and the rookie pitched a perfect sixth inning Sunday. ... Wieters had two hits and is 10 for 15 with runners in scoring position. ... The Orioles received 18 walks in the series, and only two of them turned into runs. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Markakis struggles in loss to RaysRight fielder goes 0-for-4 at plate, can't get to key ballMay 08, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunNick Markakis has shown signs of breaking out of his puzzling early-season slump, but the right fielder had an afternoon to forget in the Orioles' loss 5-3 to the Tampa Bay Rays on Sunday.A day after he went 3-for-4 and drove in two runs, Markakis was hitless in four at-bats, stranding four base runners. He also was unable to catch Matt Joyce's double to deep right in the fifth — a play he usually makes — and that kept the inning alive for B.J. Upton to hit a two-run single off Brad Bergesen for the winning runs.In his first two at-bats, Brian Roberts had gotten on ahead of him with a walk, and Markakis wasn't able to move him up or get a hit either time, lining out in the first inning and popping out in the third. In the fourth, he came up with men on second and third and popped out in the infield. var adSkipCounter = 0; "You got to get big hits in big situations. I'm just not getting it done right now," said Markakis, who is hitting .231 (6-for-26) with runners in scoring position and .227 overall this season. "Those are situations that you want to be in, and you want to come out successful. I just have to keep plugging away and battling."Markakis had two or more hits in four of the Orioles' past six games and was hitting .333 (10-for-30) with seven RBIs in the Orioles' first seven games in May. However, consistency has remained the issue for the 27-year-old outfielder who has a tendency to get immersed in prolonged slumps.His defense is usually a constant, but Markakis even admitted that Joyce's double was a play that he absolutely has to make. The ball was hit well, but Markakis got turned around on it before the ball got over his glove."It definitely is a ball I should catch," Markakis said. "Those are the toughest ones, hit right at you. A lot of hard-hit balls over your head, you can get switched up pretty easily. The bottom line is that's a ball that should be caught, and it wasn't."Roster decisions pendingWith J.J. Hardy's imminent return from the disabled list, the Orioles will have tough decisions to make concerning the makeup of their 25-man roster. It was believed that the Orioles would make room for their starting shortstop by demoting a pitcher and returning to a 12-man staff. That remains the likely scenario. However, the recent struggles of the starting rotation and the heavy usage of the bullpen complicate matters.Including Sunday, when Bergesen lasted just 42/3 innings, the bullpen has been needed for seven or more outs in 18 of the past 22 games. Over the past four days, relievers have logged 161/3 innings."Going to 12 pitchers does present a challenge there," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "You certainly have an off day on Monday, but it all revolves around how deep your starting pitching goes. It's going to be hard to make room for J.J. without a pitcher being optioned, but we can do that."The Orioles are carrying a three-man bench consisting of fourth outfielder Felix Pie, backup catcher Jake Fox and utility infielder Cesar Izturis, who started Sunday, though Robert Andino has been the primary shortstop in Hardy's absence.Izturis would appear to the most vulnerable if the club decides it needs to carry 13 pitchers. However, Izturis is perhaps the Orioles' most popular teammate and Showalter has raved about what he has meant to the club on and off the field."Last thing I'm going to do is broadcast what we are going to do or not do. There are options out there with our club within," Showalter said. "[President of baseball operations Andy MacPhail's] on top of that, and we will sit down, and like always, we will bounce it around and come to a decision, but I'm not going to handicap what we are going to do and how. I just don't think it's good for players, whether it's here or [Triple-A] Norfolk, to be reading about not imminent stuff."Rehab notesHardy (strained left oblique) is expected to play one more game for Norfolk on Monday and could be activated as early as Tuesday's series opener against the Seattle Mariners. Hardy, who went 0-for-4 on Sunday while serving as the Tides' designated hitter, is 2-for-9 with three walks and two runs during his rehabilitation assignment.If he has no setbacks during an extended spring training game Wednesday, Brian Matusz (strained left intercostal) will make a rehab appearance May 16 for Single-A Frederick. Matusz's next outing after that will be May 21, but team officials haven't decided where that will be.Alfredo Simon threw a bullpen session Sunday at Camden Yards in front of pitching coach Mark Connor. He'll pitch Wednesday for Double-A Bowie and May 16, likely for Norfolk at Lehigh Valley. Showalter said injured starter Justin Duchscherer (left hip strain) will throw a two-inning simulated game in a couple of days. Catcher Craig Tatum, on the minor league disabled list with shoulder impingement, had an injection and is feeling better.Around the horn1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
