3 View photosKansas City Royals' Mike Aviles (13) steals second base as Baltimore Orioles shortstop Robert Andino (11) handles the catcher's throw during the first inning of a Major League Baseball game in Kansas City, Mo., Thursday, May 5, 2011. MoreMelky Cabrera homered, doubled and singled while driving in four runs, Bruce Chen allowed one run in seven innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 9-1 on Thursday.Cabrera, who also scored three times, hit a solo homer in the eighth off Clay Rapada.Chen (4-1) gave up his only run in the first and then pitched shutout ball for the next six innings. The left-hander, who was KC's biggest winner last year, allowed five hits and one run, walking two and striking out five. He has not lost a start in Kauffman Stadium since Aug. 12, 2010, against the Yankees. Since then, he's 6-0 in nine starts at home.Chris Tillman (1-3) took the loss, typically getting almost no offensive support. In his last six starts, the Orioles have scored only five runs while he was in the game.The Royals kept their streak intact of not losing a home series. They're 4-0 so far this year with two splits. The Orioles are 2-8 when the opponent starts a left-handed pitcher.With help from Tillman's balk and a sun that kept playing peek-a-boo behind high, fluffy clouds, the Royals scored four runs in the first inning and another in the second, before breaking it open with three in the fourth to take the series two games to one.Tillman lasted 3 2-3 innings and was charged with eight runs on 10 hits and a wild pitch.Cabrera's RBI single got it started in the first inning. Alex Gordon singled in the second run, moved up on Tillman's balk and then scored on a double by Jeff Francoeur. Wilson Betemit then lifted a popup that fell between third baseman Mark Reynolds and shortstop Robert Andino when they both lost the ball in the sun. It went for an RBI single.Back-to-back doubles by Alcides Escobar and Chris Getz made it 5-1 in the second.Cabrera's two-run double made it 7-1 in the fourth and then, after a wild pitch, Billy Butler hit an RBI double.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed 35 minutes by rain. ... Royals RHP Robinson Tejeda (shoulder inflammation) will have a rehab start Friday for Triple-A Omaha. ... It was only the second time in the last nine games between Baltimore and KC that the outcome was not decided by one run. ... The victory moved Chen one game over the break-even mark for his career, at 52-51. ... It took Jeremy Jeffress 14 pitches to get Adam Jones out in the ninth. 
