3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' Sam Fuld leaves the game with a bloodied lip after being caught stealing second during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Sunday, May 15, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. MoreJ.J. Hardy had the big hit, but gave most of the credit for a series victory to Baltimore's starting pitching.Hardy hit a grand slam, Nick Markakis added a solo shot and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9-3 on Sunday.Jake Arrieta (5-1) allowed two runs and four hits over six innings for the Orioles, who took two of three from Tampa Bay. The right-hander has won a career-best four consecutive decisions."The starting pitching, it's where it all starts," Hardy said. "Our guys have been doing great."Baltimore got complete games from Jeremy Guthrie and Brad Bergesen in the first two games of the series."They, kind of, answered a challenge of going deep into games," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "Considering the opposition, it's pretty impressive."The Orioles loaded the bases in the sixth with no outs as Rays reliever Rob Delaney walked all three batters — one intentionally — he faced. Hardy then put Baltimore up 8-2 when he hit his third career grand slam on a 2-0 pitch from Cesar Ramos. It was Hardy's first grand slam since May 12, 2007 while with Milwaukee against the New York Mets.The Orioles (19-20) didn't reach 19 wins last season until June 19th, when their record was 19-49."We're playing with some confidence right now," Hardy said after Baltimore won for the fifth time in six games.Tampa Bay got solo homers from Elliot Johnson and Matt Joyce. The AL East-leading Rays (23-17) are 10-12 at home.Joyce, who entered hitting an AL-best .360, went 2 for 3 with a walk one day after leaving the game with cramping in his right quadriceps. He hit his sixth homer this season in the eighth, which helped his average climb to .368.Baltimore took a 3-0 lead during the third when Derrek Lee drove in two runs with a single off Andy Sonnanstine (0-1). Markakis' solo homer gave the Orioles a 4-2 advantage in the fifth."There were a lot of big plays," Showalter said.Johnson cut the Rays' deficit to 3-1 with his first major league homer in the third. Casey Kotchman made it 3-2 on a fourth-inning RBI single.Tampa Bay has not scored more than five runs in any of its 22 home games, which is the longest stretch to open a season since the 1908 Brooklyn Superbas."It's no fun," Rays manager Joe Maddon said. "I've really tried to analyze it and think it all the way through, and I have no idea. It's just strange."Matt Wieters put the Orioles ahead 1-0 with a two-out, RBI single in the second. He is 9 for 14 this season with runners in scoring position and two outs.Baltimore's Mark Reynolds had an RBI single in the ninth.Sonnanstine, filling in for the injured Jeff Niemann, gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings. Niemann, on the 15-day disabled list because of a strained lower back, is making progress, but has not started a throwing program.Maddon would not commit to Sonnanstine staying in the rotation."I'm not ready to say one way or the other right now," Maddon said. "This is something we definitely have to look at, there's no question."Notes: Rays LF Sam Fuld left the game with a cut upper lip, which occured on a stolen base attempt in the seventh. The cut required two stitches. ... Tampa Bay will play the New York Yankees for the first time this season Monday night in the opener of a two-game series. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz, who has been on the DL all season because of a strained ribcage muscle, is scheduled to throw around 60 pitches in his first rehab start for Class-A Frederick on Monday. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Britton, Tillman gearing up to make Fenway debutsLefty 'definitely excited'; righty has more muted reactionMay 15, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Orioles starters Chris Tillman and Zach Britton will experience an important first this week: their first appearances at Fenway Park in Boston. "It's time. What are we going to do, keep them from pitching there?" Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "They pitch. It's part of the process. I'd like to think it won't be the last time they pitch there. We'll see." Tillman, who is 2-3 with a 6.15 ERA, will start Monday's game against Daisuke Matsuzaka. Britton (5-2, 2.42) pitches the finale of the two-game series Tuesday against John Lackey. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "I am definitely excited about Fenway. I have never been there, so I am anxious to see that park and everything that goes around it," Britton said. "I heard it is pretty old, but I heard it is a great atmosphere, so I am looking forward to it." Britton, a rookie, is seemingly excited wherever he pitches in the majors. The day before his big league debut in April, he went out to the left-field stands at Tropicana Field hours before game time to get a feel for the place. And Fenway has a little more aura than the Trop. "I definitely am going to take a little tour, an unguided tour," Britton, 23, said. "I am going to walk around and see what it is like." Tillman said he has respect for places like Fenway and Yankee Stadium, but he can't let it be more than that. "I'm not going to lie. When I first came up, yeah, I think there's that awe factor," Tillman said. "But now I know it's just about getting the job done — every time — and improving on the things I need to improve on and just giving this team a chance to win. It's the most important thing, and I think that's the first thing in any of our pitchers' heads." Showalter knows young players can be intimidated by things like Fenway's Green Monster wall in left field. But he said they can't let it be a psychological barrier. "Well, if it is, and you plan on pitching in the big leagues, in the American League East for the Baltimore Orioles, you better figure it out," Showalter said. "Because it ain't going away. That thing has been there for a while." Orioles pitching coach Mark Connor said he talked to Britton on Sunday morning about playing at Fenway and how it is a "great experience." But he said there will be no substitute for actually pitching there. "I don't think anything really prepares a pitcher to pitch there," Connor said. "It's like pitching at Yankee Stadium for the first time." Reynolds flashes power Mark Reynolds' opposite-field homer Saturday may or may not be the spark the third baseman needs to get out of a funk that has kept his batting average below .200 this season. Reynolds said after Saturday's game that he appreciates the way Showalter has stuck with him. On Sunday morning, the manager said he'll continue to do that — to a point. "As long as you are trying and you are not giving in to it, but he understands that we do have other options," Showalter said. "I am trustworthy of a track record, and keep in mind this guy is 27, he's not 35. He has played four years in the big leagues. I just want him to defend all that's happening." Showalter said he has seen moments of frustration from the easygoing Reynolds — "a couple bat slams on the rack, but it's not your big [display]" — but he understands how badly Reynolds wants to succeed. "I think he is a little tired of the 'ooh' and 'ah,' where it's 'just missed it, just missed it, just missed it.' I don't think he wants that," Showalter said. "He wants to center a ball up like he did [Saturday]." Matusz on pitch count Left-hander Brian Matusz (intercostal strain) will make his season debut at Single-A Frederick on Monday and is expected to pitch about four innings. But Showalter said the organization is more concerned about Matusz's pitch count, which will be between 55 and 60. "So if he has got 45 pitches in the fourth inning, he is going to keep pitching," Showalter said. The plan is for Matusz to throw 80 pitches in his next outing, which is slated for May 26 at either Triple-A Norfolk or Double-A Bowie. That depends primarily on the weather forecast for that day. The Orioles could activate Matusz after May 26, or they may want him to have a 100-pitch, pain-free outing in the minors before he returns to the majors. Around the horn Norfolk catcher Craig Tatum (shoulder soreness) is eligible to come off the Triple-A disabled list but will remain on it for a few more days, Showalter said. Tatum threw at various lengths and experienced discomfort on 120-foot throws, so the organization will be cautious. … Righty Justin Duchscherer (left hip) will throw three innings in extended spring Wednesday. If that goes well, he'll throw four innings his next time out. …Before throwing three innings Sunday, the Orioles' bullpen hadn't pitched in regulation in its past three games. Friday and Saturday, Orioles starters pitched complete games, and Thursday, Britton went nine innings before the bullpen pitched the final three extra innings. dan.connolly@baltsun.com twitter.com/danconnollysun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
