3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Matt Wieters, second from left, celebrates after he drove in Felix Pie for the game-winning run with Robert Andino, left, J.J. Hardy (2) and Mark Reynolds (12) in a baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Tuesday, May 10, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 7-6 in 13 innings.MoreIt really would have been a feel-good story: After spending 10 years in the minors, Mike Wilson makes his big-league debut and wins a game for the Seattle Mariners with his first hit in the majors.Unfortunately, the Mariners still had to get three outs against the Baltimore Orioles after Wilson's milestone single in the 13th inning.Matt Wieters singled in the winning run in the bottom of the 13th, capping a two-run rally that provided Baltimore with a 7-6 victory Tuesday night.Called up from Triple-A Tacoma on Monday after the Mariners cut Milton Bradley, Wilson launched his big league career as a pinch hitter in the seventh inning. He was 0 for 3 before coming to the plate in the 13th following a leadoff double by Jack Wilson.Mike Wilson hit a liner that glanced off the glove of shortstop J.J. Hardy. Jack Wilson, who was running on the pitch, scored easily."It came at the perfect time, an RBI to give us the lead," Mike Wilson said of his hit. "It couldn't have happened any better."So what if it was a broken-bat bloop?"I'll take it any way I can get it," Mike Wilson said. "I was like 'Go ball, Go ball!'"He said he got the ball and broken bat and will send them to his mother to put in his trophy case.The lead dissipated when Brandon League (0-2) blew his first save opportunity in 10 tries."It was a frustrating game," Seattle designated hitter Jack Cust said. "It seemed like we had it there a couple times and couldn't shut them down. Just one of those crazy games. That is what makes baseball so interesting."In the 10th inning, both dugouts cleared after Baltimore's Felix Pie and Seattle first baseman Justin Smoak exchanged heated words. Pie hit a grounder down the first-base line that Smoak picked up, and Pie reversed direction before turning around and running into a hard tag."He kind of put his shoulder into (me), and I didn't like it too much," Smoak said. "So that was about it."Said Pie: "I said 'What's wrong?' I did nothing wrong."With runners on first and second in the 13th, Pie hit a wicked smash to second that bounced over the glove of Jack Wilson and into center, tying the game. One out later, Wieters delivered the game-winner.Jeremy Accardo (2-0) got the win despite allowing a run in the top half of the 13th.Hardy homered and had four hits for Baltimore in his first game back from the disabled list. The Orioles, who trailed 2-1 in the sixth and 4-3 in the eighth, improved to 1-17 when trailing after seven innings.The Orioles took a 5-4 lead in the eighth with two runs off Jamey Wright, who came in with a 1.17 ERA.Derrek Lee drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Vladimir Guerrero. Luke Scott followed with an RBI single, and Adam Jones capped the uprising with a run-scoring single up the middle.For the second time in three innings, Baltimore couldn't hold the lead.Michael Saunders led off the ninth with a single off closer Kevin Gregg and took second on a comebacker by Ichiro Suzuki. After Chone Figgins grounded out, Smoak hit a soft liner to left that dropped in front of Pie to make it 5-all.In extra innings, Seattle missed a chance to take the lead in the 12th when Miguel Olivo was thrown out trying to score on a two-out double by Cust.Seattle led 2-1 before Jones hit a two-run double in the sixth, providing the Orioles with their first lead in 40 innings. But Seattle promptly went back on top in the seventh against Mike Gonzalez.Saunders launched the rally with a two-out single that ended an 0-for-26 skid. Suzuki beat out a bunt, and Figgins followed with an RBI double. After an intentional walk loaded the bases, Koji Uehara yielded an infield hit to Olivo.Adam Kennedy hit a two-run homer in the second inning off Jake Arrieta, Seattle's second home run in 10 games.Hardy made it 2-1 in the third with his first homer as an Oriole. He was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after missing a month with a strained left oblique.It was only the third homer allowed by rookie starter Michael Pineda in seven starts this season.NOTES: To make room for Hardy, the Orioles designated RHP Josh Rupe for assignment. ... Baltimore's Brian Roberts went 0 for 5 and has just one hit in his last 31 at-bats. 
6  Tonight's game between the Mariners and Orioles was a messy back-and-forth affair that took thirteen innings and over four hours to complete. It featured four blown saves, ten bullpen pitchers, and three comebacks by the Orioles before it was all over. When the dust settled, the O's had their first win in five games and their first extra-innings win of the year.  Raise your hand if you were expecting a pitchers duel tonight? Lots of you? Makes sense considering the Orioles and Mariners have two of the worse offenses in baseball, and for six innings the two young starting pitchers held up their end of the deal. What many of us didn't consider in said presumed pitchers duel was the bullpens of each team, and it was the bullpens that decided the game. Well, the bullpens and two lousy, lousy offenses. Arrieta had a solid game and got good results, but he just threw too many pitches. He went to a three-ball count to eleven of the twenty-four batters that he faced, which ultimately limited him to just six innings (again). He allowed both runs in the second inning on a home run to Adam Kennedy (seriously, that guy). Scoring on the home run was Miguel Olivo, who Arrieta had walked to lead off the inning. Arrieta allowed just one hit after the second inning, a double to Ichiro Suzuki in the fifth. He also walked two more but didn't allow any more damage. With 103 pitches after six innings, Arrieta was finished. His final line: 6 IP, 4 H, 2 ER, 3 BB, 6 K.  Rookie sensation Michael Pineda worked past two singles in the first inning, then after a 1-2-3 second gave up a home run to the newly activated J.J. Hardy. Welcome back to Birdland, James Jerry! We missed you. After the slumping Brian Roberts hit a fly ball to left, Pineda walked Nick Markakis but then pitched two perfect innings to preserve the Mariners' lead.        The sixth inning, however, was not kind to Pineda. He quickly retired Markakis and Derrek Lee, and that's when things got fun. Vladimir Guerrero and Luke Scott singled to put runners on first and second, then Adam Jones hit a double down the left field line. Vlad and Luke raced (well, for them) around the bases to give the Orioles a 3-2 lead, their first since in forty innings. Ah, a lead. So this is what it feels like! It's so nice. And how nice of the O's bullpen to let us hold onto that feeling for two entire thirds of an inning! Coming in to replace Arrieta, Mike Gonzalez got the first two batters out before remembering that he's Mike Gonzalez and is contractually required to suck at least once a week. Back-to-back singles by Michael Saunders and Ichiro (with Ichiro's being of the bunt variety) put two runners on base for Chone Figgins. It's a good thing he's been terrible at the plate this year, right? Doesn't matter! He doubled to right, scoring Saunders and re-tying the game at three. Buck then elected to intentionally walk Justin Smoak (he of the 169 OPS+) to get to "cleanup hitter" Miguel Olivo. Koji Uehara came in to face Olivo, who hit a sharp ground ball to third base. Reynolds couldn't handle it and Ichiro scored from third. The ball was ruled a hit, but it seems Reynolds really should have made that play. After an uneventful bottom of the seventh inning, Koji returned to pitch a perfect eighth. It was good to see Koji have a good night after his recent troubles (you really can't blame him for the "hit" that allowed the go ahead run to score for the Mariners). After getting a scoreless seventh inning from former O's farmhand David Pauley, the Mariners turned to super old Jamey Wright to hold their lead in the eighth, but hold it he could not. He started things with a walk to Silky D (that is Derrek Lee's new nickname, courtesy of a dude in the stands who yelled it fourteen thousand times tonight), then Vlad singled for his third hit of the game. Luke Scott then singled in Silky D to re-tie the game, bringing the hot Adam Jones to the plate. Dr. Jones already had one go-ahead base hit under his belt, could he get another? Well I said he was hot, so you know that he did. Jones singled up the middle and pinch runner Cesar Izturis came around to score the fifth run of the night for the Orioles, giving them another lead. Unfortunately they couldn't score any more runs, which gave the Kevin Gregg just a one-run lead to work with. Gregg, of course, couldn't hold that lead. Although in all fairness, it wasn't totally his fault. He was victim of a couple bloop hits as a pop up by Saunders fell just in front of Jones (not a knock on Adam, it was just a Texas leaguer), then, two outs later, Justin Smoak hit a soft liner that fell in front of Felix Pie in left to score Saunders. Feel free to vilify Gregg if you like, because it's fun, but was those are the facts. The bottom of the 9th inning found Hardy leading off and like the good player that he is, he walked. Brian Roberts, who has been slumping miserably, bunted Hardy over to second, then Markakis lined a sharp single into left field. For reasons that cannot be explained, 3B coach John Russell waved in Hardy despite the fact that THE LEFT FIELDER HAD THE BALL OUT OF HIS GLOVE BEFORE HARDY GOT TO THIRD. He was thrown out by a mile for the second out, then with Jake Fox on deck (he was pinch hitting for Izturis, who pinch ran for Vlad, got it?) the Mariners opted to intentionally walk Silky D. The move worked as Fox harmlessly popped up to end the inning. With the game in extra innings, Showalter turned to Jim Johnson, who is awesome. Johnson pitched a perfect tenth inning. The O's had some drama in the bottom of the tenth when Felix Pie and Justin Smoak collided a bit at first base and Felix got an attitude over it. The benches cleared and the guys in the bullpen halfheartedly trotted in from the outfield, but the umpires and Showalter put the kibosh on the kerfuffle rather quickly. Jones then doubled again (he really had himself a day) but was stranded. After another perfect inning by JJ (where was this guy in the ninth inning?), Hardy again got on base to lead off the inning. How about this guy? Fourth time on base of the night! Roberts AGAIN bunted him over, but this time Markakis struck out and after the Mariners intentionally walked Silky D again, Fox AGAIN made the last out the inning. On to the 12th! Jim Johnson was replaced by...Jeremy Accardo! No! He's not good! And to prove it, Figgins started the inning with a single, but was then thankfully erased on a double play ball off the bat of Smoak. Not to confuse anyone into thinking Accardo is a good pitcher, he then walked Miguel Olivo so that Stumblin' Jack Cust could hit a double to right field. Markakis played the ball and fired to Roberts, who hit Wieters with a perfect throw to gun down Olivo to end the inning (he looked safe to me, but whatever). Bottom of the 12th! Embarrassed by his emotional outburst earlier, Felix lined a double to right-center to start things off. The Mariners opted to intentionally walk the smoking-hot Jones, and for them it was the right move. Wieters flew out and Reynolds struck out, and after an infield single by Hardy (fourth hit of the night, fifth time on base) to load the bases, Roberts struck out to end the inning. Brian Roberts just looks terrible out there, folks. It's sad. Accardo remained on to pitch in the 13th inning, and as I have stressed to you a number of times, he is not a good pitcher. Jack Wilson and his .277 OBP hit a double to get things started, then moved to third on a cheap hit by Mike Wilson (his first ML hit, congrats to Mike), a pop up that glanced off of Hardy's glove. Jack Wilson scored and the Mariners finally took the lead. Brandon League came in to face the O's in the bottom of the 13th, with Nick Markakis leading off. Nick singled to right, his third hit of the night, bringing up Silky D. Let's go, Silky D! Sadly, Silky D struck out, but Jake Fox finally got a hit with a seeing-eye grounder between the 3B and SS. With one out, Felix came to the plate. He worked the count to 2-1 then hit a ball sharply to Wilson at second. It looked like he'd make the play but the ball took a nasty hop right over his glove and into right field. Markakis raced home to tie the game. The way this game had gone to that point, I figured that Jones would probably hit into a double play and end the inning, and well, he tried. He hit a ground ball to the M's shortstop who bobbled it, then when he realized he wouldn't be able to get the double play, he fired home where Fox was tagged out. That left the path clear for our hero, Matt Wieters. Wieters had gone 1-for-6 to that point, but he came through this time, lining the first pitch he saw into center field. Pie raced around third and beat the throw home to score the winning run. He threw a triumphant fist pump into the air as the Orioles flooded out of the dugout to celebrate. What a game. What a debacle. What terrible baseball teams.  
3 View photosSeattle Mariners right fielder Carlos Peguero runs under a fly ball by Baltimore Orioles' Brian Roberts to make the catch for an out in foul territory during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, May 10, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreFor the first time this season, the Baltimore Orioles won a game despite trailing after seven innings.They had to work overtime and mount one final comeback to make it happen.Matt Wieters singled home the winning run with two outs in the 13th inning, and the Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 7-6 on Tuesday night to end a four-game losing streak.After the Mariners got the go-ahead run in the top of the 13th, the Orioles scored twice in the bottom half against Brandon League, who blew his first save opportunity in 10 chances this season.J.J. Hardy homered and had four hits for Baltimore in his first game back from the disabled list. The Orioles, who trailed 2-1 in the sixth and 4-3 in the eighth, improved to 1-17 when trailing after seven."Real big. We made it exciting there in the 13th. I think it was the 13th," Hardy said. "To come back and to get two runs was great."Baltimore blew a one-run lead with two outs in the ninth, but it all ended well — even if it took 4 hours, 8 minutes to get it done."It was tough," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "But I was glad to see them get a result from what they put into it tonight."Adam Kennedy homered for the Mariners, who took the lead in the 13th on Mike Wilson's first major league hit.In the 10th inning, both dugouts cleared after Baltimore's Felix Pie and Seattle first baseman Justin Smoak exchanged heated words. Pie was angered by a hard tag by Smoak, who had to chase down Pie after the runner reversed direction while heading toward first."He kind of put his shoulder into (me), and I didn't like it too much," Smoak said. "So that was about it."Said Pie: "I said 'What's wrong?' I did nothing wrong."With runners on first and second in the 13th, Pie hit a wicked smash to second that bounced over the glove of Jack Wilson and into center, tying the game. One out later, Wieters delivered the game-winner.Jeremy Accardo (2-0) got the win despite allowing a run in the top half of the 13th.Called up from Triple-A Tacoma on Monday after the Mariners cut Milton Bradley, Wilson made his big league debut as a pinch hitter in the seventh inning. He was 0 for 3 before coming to the plate in the 13th following a leadoff double by Jack Wilson.Mike Wilson hit a liner that glanced off the glove of Hardy at shortstop. Jack Wilson, who was running on the pitch, scored easily."It came at the perfect time, an RBI to give us the lead," Mike Wilson said of his milestone hit. "It couldn't have happened any better."But the lead wouldn't last."It was a frustrating game," Seattle designated hitter Jack Cust said. "It seemed like we had it there a couple times and couldn't shut them down. Just one of those crazy games. That is what makes baseball so interesting."The Orioles trailed in the eighth before scoring two runs off Jamey Wright, who came in with a 1.17 ERA.Derrek Lee drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Vladimir Guerrero. Luke Scott followed with an RBI single, and Adam Jones capped the uprising with a run-scoring single up the middle.For the second time in three innings, Baltimore couldn't hold the lead.Michael Saunders led off the ninth with a single off closer Kevin Gregg and took second on a comebacker by Ichiro Suzuki. After Chone Figgins grounded out, Smoak hit a soft liner to left that dropped in front of Pie to make it 5-all.In extra innings, Seattle missed a chance to take the lead in the 12th when Miguel Olivo was thrown out trying to score on a two-out double by Cust.Seattle led 2-1 before Jones hit a two-run double in the sixth, providing the Orioles with their first lead in 40 innings. But Seattle promptly went back on top in the seventh against Mike Gonzalez.Saunders launched the rally with a two-out single that ended an 0-for-26 skid. Suzuki beat out a bunt, and Figgins followed with an RBI double. After an intentional walk loaded the bases, Koji Uehara yielded an infield hit to Olivo.Kennedy hit a two-run homer in the second inning off Jake Arrieta, Seattle's second home run in 10 games.Hardy made it 2-1 in the third with his first homer as an Oriole. He was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after missing a month with a strained left oblique.It was only the third homer allowed by rookie starter Michael Pineda in seven starts this season.NOTES: To make room for Hardy, the Orioles designated RHP Josh Rupe for assignment. ... Baltimore's Brian Roberts went 0 for 5 and has just one hit in his last 31 at-bats. 
6  Yesterday I was fortunate to be able to spend some time on the field at Camden Yards with Daniel Moroz from Camden Crazies, Anthony Amobi from Oriole Post, and Steve Giles of Baltimore Sports Report. The Orioles invited us to watch some batting practice then talk to Matt Klentak, the Director of Baseball Operations, and Jeremy Guthrie (no introduction needed). It was a great gesture by the Orioles to give us the access and it was also really cool. We got to the field just as Luke Scott was in the cage taking BP, smoking balls into the center field seats. Also in his group were Nick Markakis, Vladimir Guerrero, Mark Reynolds (who was hitting balls the way we thought he'd hit them in actual games), and Adam Jones. The usual suspects (Palmer, Thorne, Hunter) were hanging around the cages in addition to coaches and a few guys from the Mariners. The Mariners filtered out of the third base side bullpen as BP went on, and we got to watch them do some warming up and stretching. Just hanging around in his jeans was Ken Griffey, Jr. It's amazing how much he just looks like a regular dude. The weather was gorgeous and I could have just stood there behind home plate watching the guys forever, but we had business to take care of.   Matt Klentak, the Director of Baseball Operations for the Orioles, met with us first. Not being entirely sure what Klentak's responsibilities were, that seemed a reasonable place to start the Q&A. While his responsibilities vary depending upon what is needed (he mentioned that a person in his position should never fall in love with one particular task because things change so rapidly),  he is largely responsible for the administration of the forty-man roster. Upon hearing this I of course immediately thought of Pedro Viola and how he has managed to defy all logic by remaining on the roster this long, but I kept that to myself. Klentak is responsible for ensuring the Orioles meet all the rules of compliance regarding the forty-man roster, including managing the disabled list and other details. Klentak also spoke about international scouting and specifically the Orioles' decision to not be one of the major players internationally. Klentak echoed the sentiments previously voiced by President of Baseball Operations Andy MacPhail when he said that historically speaking, investments in the international market aren't as sound as domestic investments, and while the team has increased its resources for the international market the past couple years, they are not and probably will not be one of the biggest spenders internationally.    Klentak then went a step further, telling us that last year the Orioles brought someone in for the specific task of analyzing the return on investment for international signings and based on the results, it was determined that it wasn't high enough to to warrant a bigger investment than they are giving it (he understandably declined to give details on the study). The Orioles have to be mindful of their resource allocation and while the domestic front is also risky, it's easier to know their true talent level. Players in international markets have agents that protect them so fiercely that it can be difficult to see them play in enough game situations to accurately assess their talent. A few other topics were broached with Klentak (he doesn't know what will happen with the new CBA agreement and while he's disappointed with the on-field performance of the team he's certain it's not what we'll see for the rest of the season), but the international scouting conversation was definitely the most interesting. Afterward Daniel Moroz (official number cruncher of the blogO'sphere) expressed an interest in doing his own research on the rate of return on international prospects, and when I got back to my computer I emailed our James F because I knew he would be interested in those comments. Hopefully one or both of those guys will do some digging to try and determine just how valuable international scouting is. I'll have more later today on meeting Jeremy Guthrie and what he had to say about his performance so far this year, his opinions on Zach Britton and being considered a mentor, his foray into the world of social media, and more.     
