3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Nolan Reimold, right, celebrates with Mark Reynolds, left, Adam Jones, second from left, and J.J. Hardy, third from left, after Reimold hit a three-run home run scoring Reynolds and Jones in the third inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Thursday, May 26, 2011 in Baltimore. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Vladimir Guerrero drove in Robert Andino with a single in the 12th inning, allowing the Baltimore Orioles to beat the Kansas City Royals 6-5 on Thursday for their season-high fifth straight victory.Nolan Reimold had four hits, including two homers, and four RBIs for the Orioles, who squandered a bases-loaded, no-out situation in the 11th before coming through in the 12th.Andino led off the inning with a single off Louis Coleman (0-2), the sixth Kansas City pitcher. Adam Jones popped out and Nick Markakis was intentionally walked before Guerrero hit a bouncing single up the middle to score the decisive run.Jeremy Accardo (3-1) worked two perfect innings for the win.The Royals took a 4-0 lead in the second, sending nine to the plate against Jeremy Guthrie.Jeff Francoeur led off with a single, went to third on Wilson Betemit's single and scored on Mike Aviles' grounder. After a single by Brayan Pena, Getz lined an RBI single to left, Alex Gordon reached on catcher's interference and Melky Cabrera hit a two-run single to center.Reimold hit an 0-1 changeup off Jeff Francis in the second for his second homer of the year. The shot ended Francis' scoreless streak at 16 innings.A four-run third put the Orioles ahead. Andino and Jones singled, Mark Reynolds hit a two-out RBI single and Reimold launched an 0-2 pitch into the left-field stands for a three-run home run and the first multiple-homer game of his career.Since being recalled from Triple-A on May 20, Reimold is 6 for 11 with three home runs.Consecutive two-out doubles by Getz and Alex Gordon tied the score in the fourth, and it remained that way until the game went to extra innings.Chris Getz had three hits for Royals, who dropped their fifth game in a row.Francis worked six innings, allowing five runs on nine hits. Guthrie yielded five runs — four earned — on nine hits in seven innings.NOTES: The Orioles recalled C Craig Tatum from Triple-A. ... Betemit has hit safely in 31 of 37 starts. ... A funeral for ex-Royals pitcher and broadcaster Paul Splittorff will be May 31 in Blue Springs, Mo. Splittorff died Wednesday of complications from melanoma. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Vladimir Guerrero swings for a single during the second inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Wednesday, May 25, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — An otherwise effective performance by Luke Hochevar was undone by one absolutely awful inning he won't soon forget.Hochevar yielded eight runs in the fourth inning, and that was more than enough to doom the Kansas City Royals to a 9-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.Hochevar (3-5) went seven innings, five of them perfect. Except for the fourth inning, he faced only one batter over the minimum.But that fourth inning was all anyone was talking about after the Royals' fourth straight defeat."That was really, really bad execution by me in the fourth," Hochevar said. "Everywhere I wanted to throw the ball, I just didn't throw it there. There is really no excuse for it. I am a lot better than that. That was just really bad."I don't think I ever have had a game where I had an inning that was that terrible."Baltimore sent 13 batters to the plate in the fourth against Hochevar, who yielded six hits, walked three and threw a wild pitch."I can't explain it," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "He got to where his command was off and he got behind in the count. It ballooned on him a little bit."To say the least."I felt good tonight. I just got in a funk and didn't execute," Hochevar said. "You just move on. You flush it. Nothing you can't do anything about it."Double, single, RBI groundout. Walk, double, walk, single, walk, single, single.The hits just kept on coming in the magical fourth, Baltimore's most productive inning since an eight-run sixth against Washington on June 26, 2009."It's kind of like sharks on a feeding frenzy," said Luke Scott, who contributed an RBI double.Jake Arrieta (6-2) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings, striking out seven and walking three. He's 2-0 against Kansas City this season and 5-0 in five starts against the AL Central.Melky Cabrera homered for the Royals, who have lost nine of 11. Kansas City is 5-13 on the road, the worst record in the majors."You know, we're not really playing bad," designated hitter Billy Butler said. "We'll snap out of it."Adam Jones led off the Baltimore fourth with a double, advanced on a single by Nick Markakis and scored on a groundout by Vladimir Guerrero. After Matt Wieters drew a walk, Scott doubled in a run and Wieters came home on a wild pitch.J.J. Hardy followed with an RBI single, Ryan Adams walked and Felix Pie singled in a run. Jones followed with a two-run single, and after Markakis popped out, a throwing error by shortstop Alcides Escobar let in the final run.Hochevar didn't allow a runner over the next three innings, but the damage was done. In five career starts against Baltimore, the right-hander is 0-4 with a 7.98 ERA.Cabrera homered in the fifth after a walk to Chris Getz to get the Royals to 8-2."You give up eight runs in one inning," Butler said, "we got a little too far behind."Mark Reynolds connected for Baltimore in the eighth off Robinson Tejada.NOTES: After the game, the Orioles optioned IF Brandon Snyder to Triple-A Norfolk. C Craig Tatum is expected to be called up before Thursday's game. ... There was a moment of silence before the game for Paul Splittorff, the winningest pitcher in Royals history, who died of cancer Wednesday at age 64. ... Guerrero and Markakis have 10-game hitting streaks. ... Arrieta has surrendered a home run in seven straight games. He has given up nine HRs, tied with Jeremy Guthrie for most on the team. ... Cabrera has 15 RBIs and has scored 11 runs in 19 games since May 3. 
2  BALTIMORE (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles are back at .500, thanks to a seeing-eye single from a guy better known for his power. Vladimir Guerrero’s hit drove in Robert Andino in the 12th inning, allowing the Orioles to beat the Kansas City Royals 6-5 on Thursday for their season-high fifth straight victory. Nolan Reimold had four hits, including two homers, and four RBIs for the Orioles, who squandered a bases-loaded, no-out situation in the 11th before coming through an inning later. “It feels real good,” Reimold said. “You never know really what to expect for the game. I was happy to have a good game, very happy that we got the win. So I’ll just enjoy it.” At 24-24, the Orioles are at .500 for the first time since they were 13-13 on May 1, and their hot streak coincides with Reimold’s return. Since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk on May 20, Reimold is 6 for 11 with three home runs. “We’ve got a little win streak going, so it feels very good,” Reimold said. “Now we’ve got to get on the road and keep it going.” Andino led off the 12th with a single off Louis Coleman (0-2), the sixth Kansas City pitcher. Adam Jones popped out trying to lay down a sacrifice bunt and Nick Markakis was intentionally walked before Guerrero hit a bouncing single up the middle for the winning run. “I was trying to look for a good pitch to hit and get a base hit,” Guerrero said through translator Rudy Arias, an Orioles staff assistant. “Nothing to pull or home runs, just trying to get good contact.” Guerrero’s hit bounded over second base just out of the reach of shortstop Alcides Escobar and second baseman Chris Getz, who were charging toward the middle of the diamond after playing the slugger straight up. The turn of events left Coleman dejected. “I was a little aggravated that it got through,” Coleman said. “It’s very frustrating. It’s just part of the game though. It will be a steppingstone and something that hopefully brings out more character and we’ll learn from it next time.” Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Guerrero is tough for opponents to defend because of his bat control. “You play (Guerrero) to pull in the hole because he hits so many balls in that hole, but also because he’s so strong, he topspins a lot of balls up the middle of the diamond,” Showalter said. Jeremy Accardo (3-1) worked two perfect innings for the win. The Royals lost their fifth straight. “Early in the year we were finding ways to win extra-inning games,” Kansas City’s Alex Gordon said. “We’d come up big somehow. Now we’re not finding ways to win at the end of the game. We just didn’t capitalize today.” The Royals took a 4-0 lead in the second, sending nine to the plate against Jeremy Guthrie. Jeff Francoeur led off with a single, went to third on Wilson Betemit’s single and scored on Mike Aviles’ grounder. After a single by Brayan Pena, Getz lined an RBI single to left, Gordon reached on catcher’s interference and Melky Cabrera hit a two-run single to center. Reimold hit an 0-1 changeup off Jeff Francis in the second for his second homer of the year. The shot ended Francis’ scoreless streak at 16 innings. A four-run third put the Orioles ahead. Andino and Jones singled, Mark Reynolds hit a two-out RBI single and Reimold launched an 0-2 pitch into the left-field stands for a three-run home run and the first multiple-homer game of his career. Since being recalled from Triple-A on May 20, Reimold is 6 for 11 with three home runs. Consecutive two-out doubles by Getz and Gordon tied the score in the fourth, and it remained that way until the game went to extra innings. Chris Getz had three hits for Royals. Francis worked six innings, allowing five runs on nine hits. Guthrie yielded five runs — four earned — on nine hits in seven innings. (Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
