3 View photosWashington Nationals' Jayson Werth (28) celebrates his home run with teammate Michael Morse (38) during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Friday, May 20, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreJeremy Guthrie pitched seven solid innings to win for the first time since opening day, and Nolan Reimold's two-run homer keyed a four-run third inning as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 8-3 on Saturday.Guthrie (2-6) allowed just two unearned runs and hadn't won in his past seven starts. He came in with the poorest run support of any American League starter. The Orioles, who ended a four-game losing streak, hadn't scored while he was on the mound in his previous three starts.He allowed two unearned runs in the third inning when first baseman Brandon Snyder booted a ball that Laynce Nix hit. Guthrie allowed five hits, striking out four and walking one.The Orioles scored four runs off John Lannan (2-5) in the third. Lannan, who hasn't won in his last six starts, gave up six runs in six-plus innings, allowing a season-high nine hits. Lannan struck out six and walked one.Washington took a brief 2-0 lead in the third when Jerry Hairston singled with one out. With two outs, Ian Desmond hit a ground-rule double. Nix grounded to first, but the ball went off Snyder's glove, and both runners scored.Baltimore took a 4-2 lead off Lannan in the third. Reimold hit a two-run homer to left — his first after being recalled Friday from Triple-A Norfolk. With two outs, Adam Jones bunted for a base hit. Nick Markakis singled to left, and with Jones tearing around second, Nix mishandled the ball for an error, allowing Jones to score. Markakis scored on Vladimir Guerrero's RBI single.The Orioles added four more in the seventh on Robert Andino's RBI double and run-scoring singles by Markakis, Matt Wieters and J.J. Hardy.Jim Johnson worked the eighth and Koji Uehara allowed a run in the ninth on Wilson Ramos' sacrifice fly.Notes: The Orioles reinstated RHP Alfredo Simon from the restricted list. Simon, who has been charged with involuntary manslaughter in the Dominican Republic, will work out of the bullpen. ... INF Cesar Izturis was transferred from the 15-day to 60-day disabled list. ... 2B Brian Roberts, on the seven-day disabled list with a concussion, has not resumed physical activity. Roberts said he still has headaches, and is unsure about when he might return. "It's not life and death, but when it comes to baseball right now, today it's not great," Roberts said. ... RHP Jason Berken who was sent to Norfolk by Baltimore on Friday, will start on Tuesday for the Tides, manager Buck Showalter said. ... Willie Randolph coached third base for the Orioles. John Russell, normally the third base coach, had an injection in a knee. ... Washington 1B Adam LaRoche singled in the second inning to break an 0-for-26 streak. ... Wieters has a 10-game hitting streak. ... Hardy's single broke an 0-for-23 slump. ... Guerrero had his career-high seventh straight multihit game. 
3 The Baltimore Orioles selected the contract of second baseman Ryan Adams and recalled outfielder Nolan Reimold from Triple-A Norfolk for their interleague game against the Washington Nationals on Friday night.After the Orioles' 17-5 loss, reliever Jason Berken was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk. Berken allowed six runs in an inning against Washington.The 24-year-old Adams was in the starting lineup and went 1 for 4 with a run scored while batting ninth in his major league debut. He was hitting .303 with two homers and eight RBIs for Norfolk.Reimold was batting .237 with six homers and 22 RBIs.Left-hander Troy Patton was designated for assignment by the Orioles before Friday's game. Patton and right-hander Chris Jakubauskas, who was optioned to Norfolk after Thursday's 13-0 loss to the New York Yankees, both pitched in the lopsided defeat.Jakubauskas and Patton had replaced first baseman Derrek Lee (strained left oblique) and second baseman Brian Roberts (concussion) on the roster Thursday. Lee went on the 15-day disabled list and Roberts was placed on baseball's new seven-day DL for concussion-related symptoms. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Alfredo Simon 'happy' to return to OriolesRight-hander, reportedly to stand trial, moves from baseball's restricted list to team's bullpenMay 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunEven when he was imprisoned for two months as the chief suspect in a fatal New Year's Day shooting in his native Dominican Republic, Orioles reliever Alfredo Simon was confident that this day would come. Simon was activated from major league baseball's restricted list Saturday and was in the bullpen for the Orioles' afternoon game against the Washington Nationals. "Right now, I feel really happy I'm back with my teammates," said Simon, who went 1-0 with a 3.38 ERA in three rehabilitation starts for Double-A Bowie. "I'm here to help my team win some games." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Standing in front of his locker before the game, Simon said he wouldn't take questions about his legal issues and would talk only about baseball, even though the situation might not be behind him. Last week, the Associated Press in the Dominican Republic reported that the 30-year-old will stand trial. However, uncertainty remains, especially within the organization, because Simon hasn't been charged. Regardless, Simon said his focus will be on baseball and helping an Orioles team badly in need of stability and innings from a battered relief corps. In the four games before Saturday's, the bullpen has allowed 22 earned runs in 221/3 innings Asked whether it will be tough to deal with off-the-field distractions, Simon said: "I'm concentrating. My mind is clear, and every time I go out there, I'm going to do my job." Orioles manager Buck Showalter said the club has talked to Simon and is confident that he'll be able to focus on his responsibilities. "I don't have that concern at this point. I think he's ready to go," Showalter said. "He's been pitching pretty well over there, feels good physically and basically got through the spring training period. He provides something that we need, lengthwise." Showalter was asked whether he felt that Simon was grateful for this opportunity and understands that his actions will be under scrutiny. The manager said, "My initial impressions are yes, but we'll see." Simon has been greeted warmly by his teammates. He spent a long time before Saturday's game talking to fellow reliever Michael Gonzalez, who has been one of Simon's more vocal supporters. "I feel happy because my teammates, they recognized me. Nothing changed," Simon said. "These are my teammates, and they like me. I love them, too. I'm happy." However, Simon also knows fans' reaction to his presence will likely be significantly different. "I know the fans are going to say a lot of things and whatever, but I'm not going to listen to them," he said. "I'm going to do my thing, the thing that I like. I'm going to take the ball and just do my job, do my thing." Simon, whom the Orioles signed as a minor league free agent in 2008, went 4-2 with a 4.93 ERA and 17 saves in 49 relief appearances last season. Looking for rotation depth, the Orioles stretched out Simon as a starter after he got his visa issues worked out and reported to extended spring training in early April. In three rehab starts for Bowie, Simon allowed six earned runs and 14 hits, walked five and struck out 17 in 16 innings. He pitched six shutout innings against Richmond in his final minor league outing Tuesday. Orioles officials still consider him an option for the rotation, but their immediate need is in the bullpen and they plan to use Simon as a long reliever for the time being. "Whatever they want me to do, I'll do," Simon said. "I can be a starter because all my career, I've been a starter, so it's not going to bother me. Right now, my arm feels strong. I'm ready to go. … I've got major league stuff, and I know when I was ready, they were going to bring me over here." jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Roberts calls concussion symptoms 'certainly concerning'Second baseman unlikely to be ready to play when eligible to come off DL TuesdayMay 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunIn his first comments since going on the seven-day disabled list with concussion symptoms, second baseman Brian Roberts said his latest health issues are "certainly concerning" and casted doubt that he'll be able to return to the Orioles' lineup this week. "It's not life and death, but when it comes to baseball right now, today it's not great," said Roberts, who missed the final six games of last season with a concussion, the symptoms lingering well into the offseason. "From talking to some doctors that deal with concussions a lot, I think we can get our arms around it and I think that we can fix the problem. We can do things to hopefully make it better quicker. I don't think it's going to be anything that lasts like last year at all. But it's not fun right now." Roberts is eligible to come off the disabled list Tuesday, but he hasn't done any physical activities since he started to get headaches Monday, making it very unlikely that he'll be available at that point. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "We originally had hopes he would play Tuesday, and you hold out hope he'll be able to play then," manager Buck Showalter said. "But I also know the reality of some of the diagnoses. Talking to him today, some of the headaches have gone away, which is a good sign." Roberts said he started getting the headaches after he slid headfirst while beating out an infield single in the first inning of the Orioles' loss to the Boston Red Sox on Monday. His head never hit the ground, but he was told by doctors that the jarring and whiplash effect can produce the same impact as if he had actually hit his head. After the play, Roberts' headaches got progressively worse to the point where he had trouble sleeping. "The sleeping has gotten better," said Roberts, who is consulting with the same concussion specialist he dealt with last winter. "It's just almost like a car-sick or motion-sickness feeling sometimes, some headaches and stuff. I'm going to clear up the symptoms and get back out there as soon as possible." Roberts was again asked whether, when he returns, he'll alter his style of play. The second baseman, who was limited to 59 games last season because of a herniated disk in his back and the concussion, missed time in spring training after a headfirst slide into first in a Grapefruit League game against the New York Yankees. "I play the game with instinct," he said. "Obviously, after this, there might be things. … I just never knew or dreamed that sliding headfirst would cause something like this. I always assumed that I'd have to actually have a head collision of some sort in order to experience these sorts of things again. So once I get back on the field, there might be things, like I said. If I don't slide headfirst into first, then I won't slide headfirst into first. I guess it's one of those things I learned in a way that I didn't really want to learn." Berken will start Hoping to help struggling right-hander Jason Berken regain both his confidence and command, the Orioles will allow him to start in the minor leagues. Berken, who was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk on Friday night after he surrendered six earned runs to the Washington Nationals in one inning, raising his ERA to 7.94, will start for the Tides on Tuesday. He was a starter coming up through the minors, but he has pitched the previous two seasons out of the bullpen. "I was talking to him last night, and he said this is the best he's felt. I'll tell you what, he may be too strong," said Showalter who pointed out that Berken's velocity Friday was 92 to 95 mph. "I do think he needs to get the ball and pitch multiple innings. He's not going to necessarily come back here as a one-inning guy either. I don't think there's really a downside to him pitching multiple innings because one of the challenges that we've had, we have a lot of guys in the bullpen who are one-inning pitchers. That's tough to do in the American League if your starters are struggling." Showalter stopped short of saying this will be a permanent role change for the 27-year-old who made 24 starts for the Orioles in 2009, going 6-12 with a 6.54 ERA. "He could come back either way," Showalter said. "He may be able to go back and start, but this way, initially, it's about what is best for him and the team for when he comes back. I think the innings will be nothing but good for him. I expect him to come back and help us." Matusz shines for Bowie Brian Matusz appears ready for his 2011 big league debut. The 24-year-old lefty pitched six scoreless innings for Double-A Bowie against Erie on Saturday, allowing three hits and a walk while striking out one. In two rehabilitation stats -- his first was for Single-A Frederick -- Matusz has allowed one run on five hits and three walks while striking out three over 10 innings.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
