3 Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones makes the catch on a ball hit by Oakland Athletics' Coco Crisp during the first inning of a baseball game, Sunday, May 29, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Baltimore center fielder Adam Jones has left Sunday's game against Oakland because of a sore right shoulder.Jones, who leads the Orioles with 29 RBIs, was hitless in two at-bats before being replaced by Nolan Reimold in the fourth inning. Jones caught two balls in the first inning and didn't show signs of being injured before leaving the game. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Koji Uehara of Japan works against the Oakland Athletics during the eighth inning of a baseball game Saturday, May 28, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — J.J. Hardy is in his first season with Baltimore and already has a pretty good idea why the Orioles have struggled in Oakland the last few years.Hardy hit a deep flyball to center that died at the warning track in the fifth inning, one of several Baltimore threats that ended with a whimper during the Orioles' 4-2 loss to the Athletics on Saturday night."It could be a little thing where we just don't feel comfortable here," said Hardy, who signed with Baltimore after six seasons with Milwaukee. "I don't know what it was like in the past, but I believe in that, that there's teams that play well in certain places and teams that you just don't play well against. They have some good pitching in a big park and then they can manufacture runs and play a little smallball."That's exactly what the A's did, scoring three of their four runs with two outs. That followed the pattern set a day earlier when the Orioles surrendered five runs with two outs.Conversely, Baltimore did not get a runner past first base after leaving the bases loaded in the fourth and was held to six hits for a second straight day."This has always been, this time of year, an unfriendly place but we had some opportunities and we just couldn't take advantage of it," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "We're stringing together some good at-bats, but at some point we have to make them pay for it and we haven't done that. "Coco Crisp had two hits and drove in the go-ahead run for Oakland, which has won 11 of 12 at home against Baltimore. The A's have also won 19 of the last 23 at the Coliseum against the Orioles.Mark Ellis hit a home run and Josh Willingham and Kevin Kouzmanoff also drove in runs for the A's, who have won four of their last five following a season-high six-game losing streak.Adam Jones and Craig Tatum each drove in runs for the Orioles, who have lost 11 of their last 12 in Oakland.Josh Outman, in his second start since returning to the majors for the first time in two years, allowed two runs and six hits over six innings. He walked five.Outman (1-0) earned his first major league victory since June 8, 2009, against the Minnesota Twins.Brad Bergesen (1-6) allowed three runs and nine hits in 5 2-3 innings. He walked two and struck out five."I felt all right and I made some good pitches tonight," Bergesen said. "I wanted to be able to put that one away and just wasn't able to do it at the end. It was tough. There were times I felt really good."Joey Devine, Grant Balfour each pitched a scoreless inning and Brian Fuentes got the final three outs for his 10th save in 12 chances.Fuentes recorded his first save in his first save opportunity since May 8.Crisp, Ellis, Kouzmanoff and Cliff Pennington each had two hits for the A's, who recorded double-digits in hits for the third consecutive game for just the second time this season.Ellis ended a 50-game homerless streak with his solo shot in the eighth, making it 4-2.Crisp put the A's ahead with a two-out RBI single in the sixth.The A's scored two of their runs with two outs and have scored seven of their last 10 runs with two outs.Vladimir Guerrero singled in the fifth to extend his hitting streak to 13 games. Nick Markakis went 0-for-4 and had his 12-game streak snapped.Notes: O's IF Mark Reynolds started at first base for the first time in two years. ... Brian Matusz (left intercostal muscle strain) is set to throw a bullpen session Sunday. ... IF Derrick Lee (left oblique strain) is expected to start baseball activities at extended spring training Sunday. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */It's time to apologize for doubting Orioles' WietersMay 29, 2011|Kevin CowherdHere's today's question: When do we all start apologizing to Matt Wieters? When do all the critics who called the Orioles' young catcher a bust admit: "OK, we were wrong?" When do all the fans who blasted him on talk radio for not instantly turning into Johnny Bench say, "Fine, maybe we were a little hasty?" Yeah, Wieters has been some bust, all right. All he's done this spring is call games brilliantly for the Orioles' young pitching staff and throw out 14 of 31 would-be base stealers, a major league-leading 45 percent. var adSkipCounter = 0;  And all he's done at the plate is bat a respectable .271 and drive in 26 runs, second on the Orioles to Adam Jones' 29. No wonder the guy's being talked up for the All-Star Game, even after the reeling Orioles were swept by the Oakland Athletics this past weekend. "This is my 22nd year in the major leagues, and he's the best pure catcher, throwingwise, calling the ballgame, receiving the ball, tagging the runners, that I've been with," says Mark Connor, the Orioles pitching coach. "I'm not saying he's Johnny Bench or anything else, but for a young kid to be able to grasp the things that he's grasped … is quite a testimony to him." Want to know how good Wieters is going behind the plate? In the Orioles' dugout, they actively root for opposing base runners to take leave of their senses and test his arm. "I sit there with [manager Buck Showalter] sometimes and say, 'I wish this guy would run, because it'll be a free out,'" Connor says. Anyone in this town who has watched the Orioles catcher night after night probably does the same thing. Someone gets on base for the opposing team, and suddenly you hear the voice of Joe Angel or Fred Manfra or Gary Thorne looping through your head: "There goes the runner … here's Wieters' throw … and he's OUT!" Wieters' release is so quick and efficient, his throws so accurate, he's re-defining the capabilities of a big (he's 6 feet 5) catcher. The Orioles still talk about the missile Wieters threw last week to gun down Washington Nationals pinch-runner Brian Bixler at second base in the ninth inning to preserve a 2-1 win. The throw was so perfect, shortstop J.J. Hardy could have sat in a lounge chair with a pina colada and not spilled a drop as he slapped the tag on Bixler. It was so perfect, it sent a bunch of the Orioles, including Showalter and right fielder Nick Markakis, straight to the video room so they could watch the replay and gush about it some more. But good luck getting Wieters to acknowledge how good he has been this season. All he does is deflect praise. And heap it on his teammates. The guy is so humble, he makes Mother Teresa look like a showboat by comparison. When I mentioned that baseball people are calling him the best-throwing catcher in the game, Wieters actually appeared to wince. For a moment, I wondered whether maybe I'd just blurted out something nasty about his mom instead. "It's nice to hear that compliment," he said finally. "But at the same time, once you start looking at your compliments, that's when things start to turn the other way. So you've got to block everything out. Today's a new day." Coming from a lot of other ballplayers, that might sound phony and self-serving. But not when it comes from Wieters, which is just another reason his teammates love him. "He studies film of hitters," Connor says. "He's just not wrapped up in his offensive numbers. The pitchers know that. He cares about them and the results they get. "I think Wiety would be very happy going 0-for-4 and he caught a shutout. And that's what you want out of a catcher." Here's what's clear: In his third season, Wieters, 25, is starting to live up to the ridiculous hype that accompanied his selection as the Orioles' first-round draft choice in 2007. He says he's not doing anything differently this season in terms of throwing out runners. Instead — here's another shocker — he credits Orioles pitchers with being quicker to the plate this season, making his job easier. Ideally, says Connor, you want your pitcher taking no more than 1.3 seconds to deliver a pitch with runners on base. And you want your catcher to take no more than 2.0 seconds firing the ball to the bag to get the runner. Wieters' release time is well under that, Connor says. How much under? "I don't want to say, 'cause I've timed him," Connor says. "And sometimes I look at my [stopwatch] and I go, 'That can't be possible.'" But even though Connor treats Wieters' release time like it's today's White House nuclear code, Showalter readily tells you it's a super-quick 1.8 seconds. Wieters shrugs that off, too. "You try to be under 2.0," he says. "But more important than that, you try to make an accurate throw. If you're 1.8 and off the bag, it [doesn't help]." Wieters says all the flak he took from the critics and fans the past two seasons didn't bother him because "I never put on my goal sheet to make the Hall of Fame or be the best player ever. I just wanted to be the best player I could be." So far this season, he's been plenty good enough for the Orioles. He probably won't get the apologies he deserves from all the haters. But he sure has been fun to watch. kevin.cowherd@baltsun.com Listen to Kevin Cowherd from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesdays with Jerry Coleman on V1370 AM Sports.      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
