3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Chris Tillman works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, May 27, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles had Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez reeling in the second inning, with one run in and the bases loaded.A strikeout by J.J. Hardy and double-play grounder ended whatever hopes the Orioles had of getting to Gonzalez early, and they didn't get anything at all against three Athletics relievers during a 6-2 loss on Friday night that ended Baltimore's five-game winning streak."That's what it comes down to," said Hardy, who had one of only six hits by the Orioles. "You could win a game in the second inning, you could win a game in the ninth. We just didn't get that big hit."Baltimore didn't get much going at all.The Orioles left the bases loaded in the second, stranded a runner at second in the fifth and seventh and grounded into four double plays to match their season high.That left manager Buck Showalter's team a mere 4-20 when scoring four runs or fewer."We had (Gonzalez) on the ropes ... we had a chance to really open him up there," Showalter said. "You don't get him in that situation very often and it's unfortunate. It's frustrating because you've got a chance to beat a really good pitcher tonight."Ryan Sweeney hit a tiebreaking single as part of a three-run sixth inning, Josh Willingham homered and drove in two runs and the A's won despite manager Bob Geren's first ejection of the season.Vladimir Guerrero singled to extend his hitting streak to 12 games for Baltimore, which had won the final five games on its homestand before coming West for a six-game trip.Brad Ziegler (1-0) pitched two scoreless innings for the win while Joey Devine and Michael Wuertz pitched an inning apiece to complete the six-hitter.The A's had lost seven of nine since moving into a tie for first in the AL West on May 17, primarily due to an offense that is last in the American League in runs scored.That wasn't an issue against Baltimore. Oakland put runners on base in every inning, batted around during the sixth and reached double digits in hits for a second consecutive game. Every starter had at least one hit and five different players drove in runs.It was the perfect start to the A's six-game homestand against the Orioles and Yankees following a tumultuous four-game series in Los Angeles when reliever Brian Fuentes publicly criticized Geren for a lack of communication. Former Oakland reliever Huston Street also was critical of Geren in published reports this week.Geren wasn't around to see the end of this one.The Oakland manager was ejected by home plate umpire Angel Campos after removing starter Gio Gonzalez in the top of the sixth. It's the 10th time he's been ejected in his career.That seemed to spark the A's, who scored three runs in the bottom of the sixth — all with two outs. Sweeney's RBI single snapped a 2-2 tie, while Willingham and Kurt Suzuki also drove in runs to help Oakland take a 5-2 lead. All the runs came off Baltimore reliever Alfredo Simon (1-1).Willingham hit his eighth home in the eighth.Hideki Matsui's two-out RBI-single in the first gave the A's a 1-0 lead after third baseman Mark Reynolds' fielding error prolonged the inning.Baltimore got the run back against Gonzalez, who struggled with his control all night.Gonzalez gave up consecutive singles to open the second then issued back-to-back walks, the second to Reynolds that forced in Guerrero. Gonzalez then struck out J.J. Hardy and got Jake Fox to ground into an inning-ending double play.The A's got another big two-out hit in the second when David DeJesus lined a shot that glanced off Reynolds' glove and landed in left field. That slowed the ball enough to allow Mark Ellis to score from second.Gonzalez got a scare in the fifth while trying to cover first base on an attempted double play. The throw from shortstop Cliff Pennington sailed behind Gonzalez, who rolled his left ankle while reaching back for the ball.Fox scored easily from second on the error while Gonzalez limped noticeably around the infield. The Oakland lefty stayed in the game and gave up a walk to Nick Markakis before Guerrero hit into a double play.Gonzalez, who finished with seven strikeouts and five walks, left after giving up a leadoff single to Wieters in the sixth.Oakland loaded the bases in the fifth to chase Baltimore starter Chris Tillman but failed to score when Simon struck out Suzuki and Ellis.Tillman gave up two runs and six hits with two strikeouts. The right-hander, who has three straight no-decisions, also walked three and hit a batter."Tillman's given us a chance to win more times than not," Showalter said. "In fairness to him he made a couple of great pitches on Willingham, didn't get the call and that kind of turned a lot of things around."Notes: Tillman has not allowed a home run in seven consecutive starts. ... Markakis singled in the third to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' five-game winning streak ends with loss to AthleticsAthletics 6, Orioles 2Simon gives up four hits and three runs in two innings for first defeat of seasonMay 28, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunOAKLAND, Calif. — The Orioles' five-game winning streak came to an abrupt halt Friday night as they played like they always seem to at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum. They got a much-too-brief outing from their starting pitcher, their bullpen didn't throw enough strikes and their lineup marred a solid team-wide approach by hitting into four inning-ending double plays. After getting out of a bases loaded and one-out jam in the fifth, Alfredo Simon allowed three runs in the bottom of the sixth as the Oakland Athletics beat the Orioles 6-2 in front of an announced 12,110. var adSkipCounter = 0;  The Orioles (24-25) fell to 1-10 at the Coliseum since the 2008 season, and dropped under the .500 mark a day after they reached that plateau for the first time since May 1. "We had a lot of opportunities," said Orioles manager Buck Showalter, whose team went 0-for-7 with runners in scoring position and didn't take full advantage of Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez's five walks and a hit batter. "It was very frustrating for us." Simon, making just his second appearance since he was activated from Major League Baseball's restricted list, officially got the loss, surrendering three straight two-out, run-scoring hits, the first one by Ryan Sweeney breaking a 2-2 tie in the sixth. Josh Willingham also connected for an RBI double, and Kurt Suzuki lined an RBI single to complete the three-run inning. Simon -- who admitted that he was a little tired after he had warmed up or pitched for three consecutive days -- was in the game at that point because Chris Tillman needed 102 pitches to log just 4 1/3 innings, the fifth time in his past six starts when the young right-hander went five innings or less. In one of the more deceiving stat lines of the season, Tillman allowed just two runs (one earned) despite giving up six hits, walking three batters and hitting one, and surrendering a series of hard-hit balls. "I was more frustrated that I got out of my delivery tonight," Tillman said. "It's been there for me pretty much when I needed it, and tonight I got away from myself. A lot of hard work [I put in], and tonight I got away from it and I've got to get back to it." Tillman didn't have one easy inning and continued his struggles to put away hitters. He got two quick outs in the first before a double by Sweeney and an error by third baseman Mark Reynolds on Willingham's ground ball prolonged the inning for Hideki Matsui to line an RBI single into left. The A's got their second run with two outs in the second when David DeJesus' single brought home Mark Ellis, who had led off the inning with a single and then stole second base. By the end of the third inning, Tillman's pitch count was already at 69. After back-to-back walks to Willingham and Matsui loaded the bases with one out in the fifth, Showalter removed Tillman and brought in Simon, who cleaned up the mess with strikeouts of Suzuki and Ellis. However, going to his bullpen that early in the game following a 12-inning game on Thursday was about the last thing that Showalter wanted to do. "He's got that same challenge that we've had with some of our young starting pitching," Showalter said. "They go 0-2 to 3-2 real quick. In fairness to him, he struck out Willingham a couple of times and didn't get the call. That turned some innings around. It was a challenge for him. It's disappointing that he didn't pitch better." Simon and Michael Gonzalez took the brunt of Tillman's short outing as Simon threw 55 pitches over two innings and Gonzalez threw 41 over 1 2/3 innings. Meanwhile, the Orioles did what they wanted to do against the talented Gio Gonzalez, getting people on base and making the left-hander throw a lot of pitches. But that didn't translate into as many runs as it should have because of the Orioles' futility with runners in scoring position. The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the second inning, and Gonzalez walked Reynolds to bring in a run and tie the game at one. However, Gonzalez struck out J.J. Hardy for the first out and got former teammate Jake Fox to hit into a double play to end the inning. "Jake had a tough at-bat," Showalter said. "We had him on the ropes and he swings at two balls in the dirt, and we had a chance to really open him up there. We had some disciplined at-bats, and you don't get him in that situation very often and it's unfortunate. It's frustrating because you've got a chance to beat a really good pitcher tonight." The Orioles had two men on again in the third and Matt Wieters struck out, and another guy on in the fourth before Hardy bounced into an inning-ending double play. They got another run in the fifth, but it took a throwing error on Oakland shortstop Cliff Pennington to do it. With runners on first and second and no outs, Adam Jones hit a hard grounder to first base. Daric Barton fielded it cleanly to get the out at second, but Gonzalez, who ran over to cover first, fell down as Pennington's throw flew past him. Fox scored on the error to tie the game at two. But after Gonzalez walked Nick Markakis, Vladimir Guerrero bounced into a double play. That's how the sixth ended, as well as with Mark Reynolds grounding into the twin killing. "It's just one of those nights where they were better than us," Hardy said. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
4 The Orioles started their West Coast trip with a loss in Oakland. The A’s beat the Orioles 6-2 after Oakland broke open the game against reliever Alfredo Simon in the bottom of the sixth inning with 3 runs. The Orioles continue to struggle in Oakland and fall a game below .500. Chris Tillman continues to struggle with limiting the number of pitches he throws. Despite avoiding the big inning, Tillman comes awfully close each game to imploding and letting the game get out of hand. However, so far, Tillman hasn’t been giving up the big hit and he has kept the Orioles in the game. The problem is Tillman can’t seem to even get through 6 innings. The Orioles bullpen seems to be taxed right now and they need their starters to be giving them more than the 5 innings Tillman continually pitches. Last night, Tillman was unable to get through 5 complete innings. He was actually bailed out by Alfredo Simon, who eventually struggled himself and lost the game.Statistically, Tillman only allowed one earned run in the game and has a 4.69 ERA on the season. This is not bad, but his spot in the rotation may be in serious jeopardy because he hasn’t been able to pitch deep into games. Brian Matusz pitched in Triple A last night and it seems like a good bet that Matusz will be pitching Wednesday in Seattle. It would work out nicely if Tillman were to be optioned to Norfolk considering Matusz and Tillman already pitched on the same night. Showalter wouldn’t have to juggle the rotation and could just place Matusz in the rotation in place of Tilllman. However, fans will have to wait and see how Brad Bergesen pitches tonight before a decision is made. Bergesen has shown an ability to pitch deeper into games, but he also has been hit harder than Tillman so far this season.Obviously a lot will depend on Bergesen’s performance in his next start, but I think Tillman should be optioned to Triple A when Matusz is taken off the disabled list. I don’t think Bergesen has anything else to work on in the minors, while Tillman could use a stay in Triple A to work on his secondary pitches and his command.In other news, Pedro Viola is with the team in Oakland in case he is needed. One of the Orioles relievers may be put on the disabled list. It is not known which reliever it is, but my guess would be Clay Rapada. Rapada and Viola would both assume similar roles in the bullpen as lefty specialists. I hope this isn’t the case because Rapada actually has done a good job this season against left handed batters. If you look at the numbers, Rapada has done the job of a lefty specialist and gotten left handed batters out. Mike Gonzalez, on the other hand, has not. Gonzalez gave up another run last night in an inning and two thirds. His ERA now stands at 7.79 and he really is serving no purpose in the Orioles bullpen. Gonzalez can’t be counted on to get anyone out right now and it’s not even like he can pitch multiple innings or pitch as a long reliever while he gets his stuff togather.I would like to see Gonzalez either stashed away on the disabled list or released. The Orioles could replace him with Viola, who has pitched very well in Double A this season. Viola has some major league experience and so far in the majors and minors he has shown an ability to get left handed batters out. Atleast then the Orioles would have a couple lefties in their bullpen who can actually get left handed batters out.The Orioles play the A’s again tonight (10 pm eastern time) in the second game of their 6 game west coast road trip. Bergesen will be pitching for the Orioles against left hander Josh Outman. The Orioles will try to bounce back tonight and return to .500. Look for the Orioles to shuffle the lineup a little and maybe put Luke Scott back in the lineup against the left hander. 
