1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Chris Tillman and Orioles' other starters haven't gone deepMay 23, 2011|By Matt VenselWhen Orioles starter Chris Tillman left Sunday’s game against the Nationals, he had surrendered just one earned run. It was the fourth time in five starts and the fifth time this season that the 23-year-old right-hander had allowed one run or fewer, but he labored all afternoon and could only give the Orioles five innings.That has been a reoccurring theme for Tillman as he continues to develop at the major-league level.He has given up two earned runs total in his past three starts, lowering his ERA from 7.16 on May 5 to 4.95. But he has made just three quality starts in 2011 -- quality starts are earned when a starter goes at least six innings and allows three or fewer earned runs -- a trend that has played a role in the taxation the Orioles bullpen.Led by Zach Britton and Jake Arrieta with seven apiece, the Orioles have 25 quality starts in 45 opportunities, which puts them right smack in the middle of the major-league pack. var adSkipCounter = 0; The Phillies’ starters lead the majors with 33.It’s not all Tillman’s fault -- Brad Bergesen has made only two quality starts -- but his inability to go deep brings to light the struggles of the entire rotation. The Orioles bullpen has pitched 154 innings this season, the third-highest total in baseball, and its 5.38 ERA ranks 29th among major-league bullpens.The return of Brian Matusz should help in this area. He might be the team’s best starter and his presence will mean that Tillman or Bergesen will be relegated to the bullpen or the minors.Despite his high pitch counts and early exits, Tillman deserves to stick around. He has gotten himself into plenty of jams, but he deserves kudos for limiting the damage like he did in Sunday’s 2-1 win. His ceiling is also much higher than that of Bergesen, and he has nothing left to learn if he is returned to Triple-A Norfolk.Tillman’s teammates think he deserves a fair shot in the rotation, and his manager liked his stuff Sunday."He should have been able to go deeper in that game," Showalter said. "I thought, stuffwise, he was the full package. He had the cutter more like a slider today; he got some outs with it. He's got some deception. It's just [that his] fastball velocity fluctuates a lot. I'd just like to see him take that stuff deeper in the game. But that's the challenge [for] most young pitchers."That’s certainly been the challenge for Showalter’s young rotation -- collectively speaking -- so far, and the Orioles must overcome it to hang around in the competitive AL East until September.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Orioles' top pitching prospect Klein a fast riserRighty, 22, already at Double-A, but whether he's reliever or starter hasn't been decidedMay 23, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunKlein was 6-1 with 10 saves and a 1.90ERA in 39 games for the 2010 Bruins, including a season-high 3 1/3 innings in a losing effort in the College World Series title game. Three weeks earlier, the Orioles had drafted him for the second time in three years. This time, as the 85th overall pick, he signed for an above-slot bonus of $499,900.Maybe it was the shoulder surgery or because college closers aren't as coveted as starters, but Klein was listed as the 54th best right-handed pitcher available in the 2010 draft, according to Baseball America. The Orioles had him rated much higher."If we had had a second-round pick, he would have been our second-rounder," scouting director Joe Jordan said. "I really think this guy is comfortable with being good. … He has a little bit of that 'it' factor. He'll do what he needs to do and trust his stuff." var adSkipCounter = 0; Uncertain roleNow the question is what to do with him. He has a closer's mentality, but his fastball sits in the low 90s. Conversely, he has four pitches — fastball, changeup, slider and curveball — that he throws for strikes, making him more suited to be a big league starter. The Orioles are pitching him in short relief stints and expect to cap him at 100 innings this season."I know there have been a lot of questions about starting, relieving," player development director John Stockstill said. "Over the course of his career, he can be a starter; he has four pitches. At this point, he'll get most of his innings in a relief role throughout the season, consistent to getting him ready to move forward next year either as a continued reliever or as an option to start. But there will be a limited number of innings next year as well."His college coach, Savage, sees him as a big league starter. Grace, his college roommate, expects him to be a late-inning reliever. Orioles manager Buck Showalter saw Klein pitch an inning this spring in big league camp (he allowed one run against the Pittsburgh Pirates on March24) and was impressed by his poise and multi-pitch arsenal.For his part, Klein says he loved closing but just wants to pitch."I am a reliever right now, so I see myself as a reliever," he said. "Whether I am going to start down the road, I don't know. But as long as I am in the 'pen, I am a bullpen guy and I am embracing that role."For Klein to get to Baltimore, the Orioles want to see him make adjustments, specifically throwing his fastball more often instead of relying on off-speed stuff that minor leaguers can't hit."That's something, organizationally, they'd like to have him do," Bowie manager Gary Kendall said. "Develop the command and control of that fastball."Otherwise, Klein seems to be the whole package: smart, driven, poised. The kind of kid that sends home two dozen roses on Mother's Day despite being thousands of miles away. A quiet, fun-loving Californian who amuses himself by playing practical jokes on friends but takes college classes in the offseason to complete his political science degree."The guy just has tremendous values, and he has a presence about him that I think will take him a long way," Savage said. "I just think he has a tremendous future."Notes: Second base prospect LJ Hoes has been promoted from Single-A Frederick to Double-A Bowie. Hoes, 21, batted .241 with three homers, 17 RBIs and four steals in 41 games for the Keys. He got off to a poor start but has raised his average in the past couple of weeks. Hoes, a Bowie native who was the Orioles' third-round pick in 2008, is ranked as the Orioles' fourth-best prospect by Baseball America. He played in three games for Bowie last year, going 2-for-9 with an RBI. … Catcher Luis Bernardo was transferred to the Gulf Coast League team. The Orioles are talking about converting Bernardo into a pitcher because he has struggled to hit, carrying a .221 career minor league average into this season. Catcher Adam Donachie was transferred to Fredrick to take Bernardo's place. … Keys right-hander Bobby Bundy was named the Carolina League Pitcher of the Week. … Single-A Delmarva's Mike Flacco was named the South Atlantic League Player of the Week.dan.connolly@baltsun.comtwitter.com/danconnollysunBaltimore Sun reporter Jeff Zrebiec contributed to this article.Prev | 1 | 2     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Arundel's Hibbs loses scholarship to Florida State after drug arrestHow a prominent black cemetery diedHow the city's nickname came to beAre you setting S.M.A.R.T. goals?Trying to clarify convection settingsThe old oyster R-month rule 
