3 View photosKansas City Royals' Alex Gordon, right, scores on a single by Jeff Francoeur during the first inning of a baseball game as Baltimore Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, left, waits for the ball, Tuesday, May 24, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Adam Jones capped a ninth-inning uprising with a two-run walkoff homer against Joakim Soria, giving the Baltimore Orioles a 5-3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night.Jones hit an 0-2 pitch far over the center-field wall to cap a three-run rally. Upon reaching the plate after a joyous trip around the bases, Jones was buried under a wave of teammates celebrating Baltimore's third straight victory.The Orioles improved to 1-21 when trailing after eight innings.Baltimore trailed 3-2 entering the ninth. After Soria (3-1) retired the first batter, J.J. Hardy doubled off the glove of third baseman Wilson Betemit. Pinch-hitter Felix Pie then grounded a double inside third base to tie it.Soria rebounded to strike out Robert Andino before Jones connected.Alfredo Simon (1-0) worked a perfect ninth in his season debut.It was the eighth loss in 10 games for Kansas City, now 14-2 when leading after eight innings.Royals rookie Danny Duffy gave up two runs and five hits over 5 1-3 innings in his second big-league start. The 22-year-old took a three-hit shutout into the sixth before running into trouble trying to protect a 3-0 lead.Duffy was poised to collect his first win in the majors before Baltimore's ninth-inning rally.Orioles starter Zach Britton allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings, but the rookie was again victimized by a lack of offensive support. The Orioles had gone three straight games without scoring while Britton was in the game before getting two runs in the sixth.Britton has a 2.35 ERA overall and has allowed a total of six earned runs over his last four starts, but he's 0-1 in that span.Britton's streak of 19 straight innings without allowing an earned run ended when three of the first four Kansas City batters singled, including an RBI liner to left by Jeff Francoeur.Alex Gordon made it 2-0 in the third with his fifth home run, the first yielded by Britton in three starts since May 6.The Royals added a run in the sixth when Francoeur led off with a single, stole second and scored on a single by Billy Butler. Britton avoided further damage by retiring Gordon on a short fly with the bases loaded and two outs.In the bottom half, Nick Markakis singled and stole second before Matt Wieters chased Duffy with an RBI double. Louis Coleman promptly threw a wild pitch and yielded a run-scoring single to pinch-hitter Luke Scott.NOTES: Orioles manager Buck Showalter said both RHP Brian Matusz (oblique) and 1B Derrek Lee (oblique) should be ready to come off the DL on June 1. Matusz will pitch for Triple-A Norfolk on Friday. ... Baltimore 2B Brian Roberts (concussion) saw a specialist in Pittsburgh on Tuesday and is expected to be sidelined for at least three more weeks. ... SS Cesar Izturis underwent surgery on his right elbow Tuesday and will probably miss 6-8 weeks. "If everything goes as planned, he'll be a player for us again this year," Showalter said. ... There was a moment of silence before the game for those killed and injured over the weekend by a tornado in Missouri. ... Butler has hit in 121 straight series, second-longest active streak in the majors behind Markakis (155). 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Backup catcher Tatum set to return to OriolesCorner infielder Snyder optioned back to Triple-A NorfolkMay 25, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunCatcher Craig Tatum stopped by the Orioles clubhouse Wednesday and will be promoted to start behind the plate in Thursday afternoon's series finale against the Kansas City Royals. Tatum's recall hasn't been announced, but corner infielder Brandon Snyder was optioned back to Triple-A Norfolk after Wednesday's 9-2 win and it's no secret that the Orioles have been hoping to add a traditional backup catcher. That would allow them to use Jake Fox more in a utility role. Fox has started six games this season behind the plate and four in left field. Tatum batted .200 with seven RBIs in 21 games for Norfolk this season after playing in 43 games and hitting .281 last year as Matt Wieters' primary backup. He returned to the Tides' lineup last week after a stint on the minor league disabled list with a right shoulder impingement. var adSkipCounter = 0;  Tatum didn't make the club out of spring training as the Orioles decided to keep two utility infielders (Robert Andino and Cesar Izturis) and use Fox as their backup. However, Brian Roberts and Izturis are on the disabled list and the Orioles also have a day off in each of the next five weeks, enabling them to go with one fewer pitcher if they see fit. Those developments have allowed them to carry both Fox and Tatum. "You always put it down on paper," manager Buck Showalter said about the makeup of his roster. "You just can't seem to ever get there. I think we're getting closer to that, with the exception of [Roberts]. Let's just hope Brian [Matusz] has a good outing and shows us what we need to see and Derrek [Lee], in a day or two, is taking some swings and feeling good. I know he's eligible on [Wednesday], but this type of injury, I'm going to feel a lot better when he has a couple of days down there of swinging the bat where he doesn't feel anything." Roberts still hurting A day after seeing a concussion specialist in Pittsburgh, a sullen Roberts said he has no target date to get off the DL and return to the Orioles' lineup. Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said Tuesday that Roberts would be out for at least more three weeks. "I have no idea, minus the fact that I can't play today," Roberts said when asked about the prognosis from Dr. Michael Collins of two weeks of rest before re-evalutation. "I guess we'll just go from there. I don't know how to quantify that news." Asked specifically how he is feeling, Roberts said: "It comes and goes. … It's a part of life. You take the good with the bad, so you just try to stay positive and take it day by day." Roberts said some of his symptoms are "diminishing a little bit," and he'll start doing physical therapy, including riding an exercise bike. Showalter planned to sit down and talk to Roberts before Wednesday's game. Memorable night for Simon On any other night, the game ball for Tuesday's win would have almost certainly gone to reliever Alfredo Simon, who got his first win since Sept. 5 by pitching a scoreless top of the ninth inning. However, as happy as Simon was, he knew the night and the ball belonged to Adam Jones, who won the game with a two-out two-run homer off Royals closer Joakim Soria. "I think Jonesy gets that ball," Simon said. Regardless, it was a nice night for Simon, who hadn't pitched in the big leagues since Sept. 26. Simon didn't even show up to the Orioles' spring training facility until the first week of April after he was imprisoned for two months in his native Dominican Republic as the chief suspect in a fatal New Year's Day shooting. "There is no reason to be nervous or whatever. I just tried to be the best I can because that is my priority," Simon said. "I got good luck, and I just win the game." Said Jones: "I was happy to see him go out there. It's about time he got warmed up. He's been here for three days. I'm excited for him. I want him to be here with us as long as he can. He's part of our future. We, the entire team, likes him here." Around the horn Left-hander Troy Patton cleared waivers and was optioned to Norfolk. … Outfielder Felix Pie had some dental issues earlier in the day, but he batted leadoff and played left field. Showalter said he would most likely use a leadoff platoon of Pie and Andino in Roberts' absence, preferring to keep J.J. Hardy toward the bottom of the order. … A day after popping up a bunt and seeing it turned into a double play in the fifth inning, Andino was on the field to take early bunting practice. … Adams got his second career start at second base. … Before Wednesday night's game, the Orioles held a moment of silence for former Royals pitcher and broadcaster Paul Splittorff, who passed away Wednesday after a battle with oral cancer and melanoma. He was 64 years old. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
