3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Adam Jones hits a solo home run against the Seattle Mariners in the eighth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 1, 2011, in Seattle. MoreSEATTLE (AP) — Adam Jones had three hits against his former team, including the go-ahead homer into the upper deck in the eighth inning, leading the Baltimore Orioles to a 2-1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday.Jones turned on a fastball from Jamey Wright (1-2) on the inside corner of the plate and hit a rocket into the second level seating in left field to give Baltimore the lead.Jim Johnson (4-1) allowed one hit while retiring four batters to pick up the victory, and Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth inning to earn his ninth save of the season.Both starters settled in after the second inning and made easy work of the opposing lineup.Making his season debut, Brian Matusz lasted 5 2-3 innings, allowing one run on four hits and striking out three. He received a big assist from Jones in the fourth, when Miguel Olivo hit a drive deep to center and Jones made an over-the-shoulder basket catch before the wall.Michael Pineda was just as strong for Seattle. He retired 11 of 12 batters in the middle innings before running into some trouble in the seventh.J.J. Hardy picked up a one-out broken bat single and Pineda walked his only batter of the game, Mark Reynolds, putting a runner in scoring position for the first time all game. Pineda buckled down and struck out Robert Andino with a 96-mph fastball to end the threat.Hardy gave Baltimore an early lead when he hit a 1-2 slider from Pineda into the Orioles bullpen over the left field wall.Olivo led off the bottom of the second with a single to left and advanced to second on a flyout from Franklin Gutierrez. Jack Wilson came up with a two-out RBI single to center.Olivo lowered a shoulder into catcher Matt Wieters, who was blocking the plate with his left leg. Wieters whiffed and the ball went to the backstop as Olivo bowled over Wieters. Olivo had to go back to touch the plate as the run tied the game at 1-1.Notes: Matusz was activated from the DL before the game. Utility man Jake Fox was designated for assignment to make roster space. ... Nick Markakis started at 1B for the first time. He hadn't played the position since high school. ... RF Ichiro Suzuki served as the DH for the second time this season. Mariners manager Eric Wedge said he wanted to get Suzuki off his feet for the day. ... SS Brendan Ryan had his career-high 11-game hitting streak end. He was 0 for 4. 
