3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Nick Markakis singles in a run against the Seattle Mariners in the eighth inning of a baseball game, Monday, May 30, 2011, in Seattle. MoreSEATTLE (AP) — Doug Fister has seen the Seattle Mariners pull together over the past month. He's just happy to finally contribute.Fister (3-5) picked up his first victory since April 30, a 4-3 decision over the Baltimore Orioles on Monday.Fister went 7 1-3 innings, allowing three runs and seven hits, walked one and struck out a career-high nine in his 49th start. He threw 23 of 30 first-pitch strikes. He is 3-2 with a 3.02 ERA over his past eight starts, but this was his first win in May."Guys have been gaining confidence. It's a great thing to be a part of," Fister said. "It's a real family atmosphere here."The Mariners, who lost 11 of their first 15 games to open the season, have won 10 of their past 12 and are 19-11 over their last 30 games to go one game over .500 (27-26). They have assured just their second winning May (14-11) since 2004.Fister worked at least into the seventh in four of his five May starts with a 3.79 ERA but had nothing to show for it."You look at his stuff, the way he approaches his game plan and sticks to it, the way he's able to make adjustments and make pitches," Mariners manager Eric Wedge said, "He's not just a one- or two-pitch guy. He has weapons beyond that. What I see a guy who really understands himself."Brandon League worked the ninth for his 14th save in 17 opportunities.Jack Cust supported Fister with his second career triple, driving in a first-inning run.Ichiro Suzuki, steeped in his worst career slump — 1 of 22 over his previous five games — had two singles and scored twice. He has a career .367 average against Baltimore, the best against any team. He has at least one hit in 40 of the last 42 games he has played against the Orioles.The Orioles have lost four straight.Jake Arrieta (6-3) lasted just 2 1-3 innings for the Orioles, allowing four hits, four runs and walking four.Suzuki greeted Arrieta with a sharp first-inning single to right and scored on a groundout by Brendan Ryan. With one out, Justin Smoak walked and Cust followed with a triple. The high flyball hit halfway up the right-center wall then bounced away from the fielders.His first triple came on Aug. 18, 2007, for Oakland against Kansas City."There's just not many opportunities to get a triple," Cust said. "The ball kind of fell away from them so it was pretty easy."Wedge added, "I told him you have to fill those columns and he filled one today."Mark Reynolds drilled the first hit against Fister in the third, a solo shot into the second deck in left field. It was his seventh homer.Suzuki then initiated the Mariners' two-run, third inning with a leadoff single that caromed off Arrieta's left leg. Ryan followed with a single to left, extending his hitting streak to a career-high 10 games. Smoak walked to load the bases.After Cust flied out to shallow left, Arrieta issued successive bases-loaded walks to Adam Kennedy — in a 12-pitch at-bat — and Miguel Olivo for a 4-1 score.Fister yielded a leadoff double to Luke Scott in the fifth but didn't allow him to advance past second. In the seventh, he had runners on first and second with one out then struck out Nolan Reimold and got Reynolds on a fielder's choice."He got ahead and it is always tough to hit when you are 0-1 or 0-2," Matt Wieters said of Fister. "Next time you have to come out and be aggressive so he doesn't get to 0-2."The Orioles rallied for two runs off Fister in the eighth. Robert Andino opened with a one-hop shot that third baseman Chone Figgins couldn't handle. Felix Pie then singled to right with Andino racing to third. With one out, Nick Markakis singled to right, scoring Andino to make it 4-2.Jamey Wright took over for Fister and induced Vladimir Guerrero to hit a hard grounder to Figgins' left. The ball bounced off Figgins' glove for an error, allowing Pie to score.Aaron Laffey ended the rally by getting Scott on a grounder.League allowed Reimold's leadoff single in the ninth but finished the inning on a double play by Andino.Earlier this month, League allowed the Orioles for rally for two last-at-bat victories against him."I don't really think about that anymore. I analyzed that and moved on," League said. "But now that you say that, it does feel good."League is tied for the league lead in saves.NOTES: Figgins, struggling with a .193 batting average, was moved from second to eighth in the lineup. "I've been through stuff like this before. My mind says I'm not going to change. I'll try to do the same things, play defense and try to create some havoc." Wedge says Figgins is looking for the "feel" a hitter needs. "That's what he's lost and what he's working to get back," he said. Figgins was 0 for 3 with two strikeouts and an error. ... Orioles RHP Chris Jakubauskas returned from rehab (strained groin) at Triple-A Norfolk. He replaced RHP Chris Tillman, optioned to Norfolk. ... Orioles CF Adam Jones sat out Monday as a precaution because of a sore shoulder. He is day to day. ... LHP Brian Matusz will come off his rehab assignment (strained intercoastal) and start Wednesday against Seattle. 
6  Before the season started, ESPN analyst Keith Law released his list of the top 100 prospects in baseball (subscription required). Two Orioles made that list: LHP Zach Britton at #11 and SS Manny Machado at #26. This morning, Law released an update on the top twenty-five prospects. Britton is no longer there, having graduated to the majors, but the Delmarva Shorbirds' shortstop jumped fifteen spots to #10. Law says of Machado:  10. Manny Machado, SS, Baltimore: The first major jump here as  Machado, currently out with a knee injury, looked better than expected  at shortstop and far more comfortable at the plate than expected,  adjusting to better off-speed stuff and taking great at-bats in low-A.  He won't turn 19 until July, and is just three months older than Harper.  Law now ranks Machado ahead of Dustin Ackley, Wil Myers, and Aaron Hicks, all of whom were in the top ten in Law's initial ranking in February. Machado's ascension up the list is good to see, and hopefully he'll be back on the field very soon. Law also mentioned that he's keeping an eye on Jonathan Schoop for his next update, which is good news indeed.     
3 Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jake Arrieta, right, is given a pat by manager Buck Showalter as he walks off the field in the third inning of a baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Monday, May 30, 2011, in Seattle. MoreSEATTLE (AP) — It wasn't so much that Jake Arrieta's right arm gave him trouble against the Seattle Mariners on Monday.It was his left leg.The right-hander was hit on the left shin by a scorching line drive by Ichiro Suzuki in the third inning and he wasn't the same after that. He threw 30 more pitches and never got out of the inning as the Baltimore Orioles lost their fourth straight, 4-3."It hurt and started to stiffen up right away," Arrieta said. "I couldn't move my toes up or down. But I didn't want to come out of the game. I gave it a shot and couldn't get it done."Brendan Ryan, extending his hitting streak to a career-high 10 games, followed Suzuki with a single to left and Justin Smoak walked to load the bases.Arrieta (6-3) got Jack Cust to fly out to shallow left, with the runners holding. But then he lost an epic 12-pitch battle with Adam Kennedy, forcing in a run with a walk."He threw everything up there," Kennedy said. "He was a little effectively wild around the plate, around enough to make you swing. I was fortunate enough there to get a walk."Arrieta walked Miguel Olivo for a 4-1 deficit and that bases-loaded walk ended his afternoon after 68 pitches in just 2 1-3 innings. He allowed four hits, four runs and walked four."I just felt erratic and had trouble getting the ball down," Arrieta said, "and just couldn't figure it out in the third."Orioles manager Buck Showalter, who has seen his starters struggle over the past four losses, said, "they are trying, almost too hard sometimes. It seems like Jake is trying to pitch so much instead of just trusting his fastball and going after it."Doug Fister (3-5) picked up his first victory since April 30. He went 7 1-3 innings, allowing three runs and seven hits, walked one and struck out a career-high nine in his 49th start. He threw 23 of 30 first-pitch strikes. He is 3-2 with a 3.02 ERA over his past eight starts, but this was his first win in May."We're doing a lot of things that are frustrating, not just not hitting with runners in scoring position," Orioles catcher Matt Wieters said. "We're not being as aggressive both in the field and at the plate as we can be."Brandon League worked the ninth and Nolan Reimold put him on edge with an opening single. The Orioles beat League twice in final at-bats two weeks ago at Camden Yards. But League settled down and finished the inning on a double play by Robert Andino."I don't really think about that anymore. I analyzed that and moved on," League said of his Birds' comebacks. "But now that you say that, it does feel good."League earned his 14th save in 17 opportunities.Cust had the offensive highlight, his second career triple in the first inning, that drove in one run.Suzuki, steeped in his worst career slump — 1 of 22 over his previous five games — had two singles and scored twice. He has a career .367 average against Baltimore, the best against any team. He has at least one hit in 40 of the last 42 games he has played against the Orioles.Suzuki greeted Arrieta with a sharp first-inning single to right and scored on a groundout by Ryan. With one out, Smoak walked and Cust followed with the triple. The high flyball hit halfway up the right-center wall then bounced away from the fielders.His first triple came on Aug. 18, 2007, for Oakland against Kansas City.Mark Reynolds drilled the first hit against Fister in the third, a solo shot into the second deck in left field. It was his seventh.The Orioles rallied for two runs off Fister in the eighth. Andino opened with a one-hop shot that third baseman Chone Figgins couldn't handle. Felix Pie then singled to right with Andino going to third. With one out, Nick Markakis singled to right, scoring Andino to make it 4-2.Jamey Wright took over for Fister and induced Vladimir Guerrero to hit a hard grounder to Figgins' left. The ball bounced off Figgins' glove for an error, allowing Pie to score.Aaron Laffey entered and ended the rally by getting Luke Scott on a grounder."I'm really upset about this one," Arrieta said. "I couldn't give the team what I needed to give them. It is real frustrating to go out there, especially after (Oakland's) sweep and I knew what I wanted to do today. To only get seven outs is pretty frustrating."NOTES: Orioles RHP Chris Jakubauskas returned from rehab (strained groin) at Triple-A Norfolk. He replaced RHP Chris Tillman, optioned to Norfolk. ... Orioles CF Adam Jones sat out Monday as a precaution because of a sore shoulder. He is day to day. ... LHP Brian Matusz will come off his rehab assignment (strained intercoastal) and start Wednesday against Seattle.(This version CORRECTS Mariners 4, Orioles 3. Corrects that Cust's triple drove in 1 run, not 2.) 
