3 View photosBaltimore Orioles Robert Andino is safe at second as Oakland Athletics Mark Ellis stays on the bag in the second inning of a baseball game Monday, June 6, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — There might come a time in the near future when Brian Matusz can go deeper in games and perhaps finish what he started.For now, the left-hander will have to be content with doing quality work in shorter spurts before giving way to the Baltimore bullpen.Matusz and three relievers combined on a seven-hitter, and the Orioles beat Oakland 4-2 Monday night to extend the Athletics' losing streak to a season-high seven games.Matusz (1-0) allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings in his second start of the season. He spent the first two months on the DL with a strained left oblique muscle."Well, I went out there and was able to go as deep as I can and give the team a chance to win. That's all you ask for," Matusz said. "Obviously I'd like to be able to go longer, help out the bullpen a little bit, but they did a great job."The 24-year-old was lifted in the sixth after giving up successive one-out singles to Kurt Suzuki and pinch-hitter Scott Sizemore, who was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento hours earlier. Jim Johnson entered and got Adam Rosales to bounce into a 1-6-3 double play.Johnson retired the side in order in the seventh, Koji Uehara worked a perfect eighth and Kevin Gregg got three straight outs for his 11th save."It's a lot of fun playing like that," said Matusz, who has won seven straight decisions dating back to last August.Matt Wieters had two hits, an RBI and scored a run for the Orioles, who took a 4-0 lead after two innings against Gio Gonzalez (5-4).Baltimore had lost 20 of its last 24 games against Oakland and was swept in a three-game series last week.Rosales homered for the A's, who have lost 15 of 19 to fall a season-worst seven games under .500 (27-34)."Each one it's something different," manager Bob Geren said. "The majority were well-pitched games. Tonight we got two runs. It's a combination — we haven't played well the past week, the total package. We have to play better."There was one positive note: Rosales played in his first game of the year after a stint on the disabled list with a broken right foot.The Orioles took a 1-0 lead with an unearned first-inning run. After shortstop Cliff Pennington muffed a potential double-play grounder, Vladimir Guerrero hit a two-out RBI single.Baltimore made it 4-0 in the second. Derrek Lee led off with a single, stole second and continued to third on an overthrow by Suzuki. Wieters followed with an RBI single, J.J. Hardy singled, and both moved up on a wild pitch before Nolan Reimold hit a sacrifice fly and Nick Markakis singled in a run.The A's two errors gave them 45 for the season. Oakland started the day with the second-most errors in the AL, two behind Texas.Rosales connected in the fourth with a man on. It was his first home run since July 18, 2010, at Kansas City."Obviously that homer was exciting. It got us back in the game," Geren said. "I like the energy he brings and the talent also. Very nice impact the first game. It was a losing cause but he was a highlight reel."Gonzalez gave up four runs, three earned, and nine hits in seven innings. He permitted only three hits over his last five innings."Once I started getting in the groove I started attacking the zone," Gonzalez said. "It's just one of those situations — they're aggressive, they're swinging the bats, they just got a bunch of hits."NOTES: Oakland 2B Mark Ellis left in the sixth inning with a right hamstring strain. ... To make room for Rosales and Sizemore on the 25-man roster, the A's optioned third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff and right-hander Fautino De Los Santos to Sacramento. ... Markakis has hit in 160 consecutive series, the longest active streak in the majors. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles Robert Andino is safe at second as Oakland Athletics Mark Ellis stays on the bag in the second inning of a baseball game Monday, June 6, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Adam Rosales would have preferred to celebrate his return from the disabled list with a victory.Instead, he had to settle for personal glory during an otherwise dreary night for the Oakland Athletics.Rosales homered in his long-awaited first game of the year, but that was the extent of Oakland's offense Monday night in a 4-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles that extended the A's skid to a season-high seven games.Rosales had been sidelined since spring training with a fractured right foot. He came off the 60-day DL on Monday, promptly joined the starting lineup at third base and hit a two-run shot to bring Oakland to 4-2 in the fourth inning."It was good to get back and try to help the momentum a little bit," he said. "I was a little nervous, but it felt good to go all nine. There was a lot of adrenaline to hit a ball like that. It was exciting."Rosales contributed on defense, too — no small accomplishment for a team that started the day with 43 errors, second-most in the AL."Obviously that homer was exciting. It got us back in the game," manager Bob Geren said. "He also made a great play at third. I like the energy he brings and the talent also. Very nice impact the first game. It was a losing cause but he was a highlight reel."Brian Matusz and three relievers combined on a seven-hitter to help Baltimore beat Oakland for only the fifth time in the last 25 meetings.Matusz (1-0) allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings in his second start of the season. He spent the first two months on the DL with a strained left oblique muscle.The 24-year-old was lifted in the sixth after giving up successive one-out singles to Kurt Suzuki and pinch-hitter Scott Sizemore, who was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento hours earlier. Jim Johnson entered and got Rosales to bounce into a 1-6-3 double play.Johnson retired the side in order in the seventh, Koji Uehara worked a perfect eighth and Kevin Gregg got three straight outs for his 11th save."It's a lot of fun playing like that," said Matusz, who has won seven straight decisions dating back to last August.Matt Wieters had two hits, an RBI and scored a run for the Orioles, who took a 4-0 lead after two innings against Gio Gonzalez (5-4).Gonzalez gave up four runs, three earned, and nine hits in seven innings. He permitted only three hits over his last five innings."Once I started getting in the groove I started attacking the zone," Gonzalez said. "It's just one of those situations — they're aggressive, they're swinging the bats, they just got a bunch of hits."It all added up to the 15th loss in 19 games for the A's, who fell a season-worst seven games under .500 (27-34)."Each one it's something different," Geren said of the slide. "The majority were well-pitched games. Tonight we got two runs. It's a combination — we haven't played well the past week, the total package. We have to play better."The Orioles took a 1-0 lead with an unearned first-inning run. After shortstop Cliff Pennington muffed a potential double-play grounder, Vladimir Guerrero hit a two-out RBI single.Baltimore made it 4-0 in the second. Derrek Lee led off with a single, stole second and continued to third on an overthrow by Suzuki. Wieters followed with an RBI single, J.J. Hardy singled, and both moved up on a wild pitch before Nolan Reimold hit a sacrifice fly and Nick Markakis singled in a run.The A's two errors gave them 45 for the season. Oakland started the day with the second-most errors in the AL, two behind Texas.Rosales connected in the fourth with a man on. It was his first home run since July 18, 2010, at Kansas City.NOTES: Oakland 2B Mark Ellis left in the sixth inning with a right hamstring strain. ... To make room for Rosales and Sizemore on the 25-man roster, the A's optioned third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff and right-hander Fautino De Los Santos to Sacramento. ... Markakis has hit in 160 consecutive series, the longest active streak in the majors. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Roberts shut down for at least two more weeksConcussion symptoms to keep second baseman from starting baseball activities during that spanJune 07, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunOrioles second baseman Brian Roberts, who hasn't played since incurring concussion symptoms after sliding headfirst into first base May 16, has been shut down from baseball activities for at least two more weeks. Roberts was re-examined by sports concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins in Pittsburgh on Tuesday, and, though he can begin cardio and weight work soon, the leadoff man will not pick up a baseball for two more weeks, at the earliest. "I wouldn't call it bad news," manager Buck Showalter said. "We knew the process that we were going to have. We'll follow the doctor's suggestions." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Roberts played in just 59 games last year because of myriad injuries, including a herniated disk in his back and a late-season concussion suffered when he hit himself in the helmet with a bat. The two-time All-Star has played in just 39 games this year and is batting .221 with three homers and 19 RBIs. On the 15-day disabled list, he could join the team on this homestand for a few days, then return to Sarasota, Fla. Showalter has not ruled out Roberts' returning to the Orioles before the All-Star break. Feeling a draft, Day 2 Baseball's annual amateur draft continued Tuesday with rounds two through 30, and the Orioles continued to load up on pitching. Including first-round pick Dylan Bundy, who was selected fourth overall Monday, 15 of the Orioles' first 30 picks were pitchers. Twelve of those are from colleges or junior colleges. The Orioles chose 10 right-handers, five lefties, six outfielders, four third baseman, three shortstops and two catchers. Overall, they selected 21 college players (including several from junior colleges) and nine high schoolers. "I like the guys we've got," amateur scouting director Joe Jordan said. "It takes a little time to absorb it all and get a look at it. But we got a lot of our targets, some gut-feels that our scouts were really high on and that we really like." With their second-round pick, the Orioles selected Vanderbilt shortstop Jason Esposito, who projects as an above-average defensive third baseman because of his good hands and strong arm, Jordan said. Once thought to be a first-round pick, Esposito's status slipped a little this past year as questions arose about whether he would hit consistently in the majors. A 6-foot-2, 200-pound, right-handed hitter, Esposito batted .362 with eight homers and 55 RBIs in 60 games for Vanderbilt this year. "He certainly looks the part. Big, strong kid," Showalter said. "I know going into the draft, before the year started, he was talked [about] kind of along with the kid at Rice [Anthony Rendon] as one of the better college [infielders]." The Orioles then selected three consecutive college pitchers: right-hander Mike Wright of East Carolina, righty Kyle Simon of Arizona and lefty Matt Taylor of Middle Georgia (Junior) College. Their next pick, in the sixth round (185th overall), was one of the club's more intriguing selections: high school third baseman-catcher Nick Delmonico, who was considered a second-round talent by Baseball America. The son of former Tennessee head coach Rod Delmonico, the 18-year-old is considered a difficult singing because he has committed to Georgia. "He was on the board in the sixth round because of his bonus expectations," Jordan said. "But we said, 'Let's do this and see what we can work out this summer.'" Other notable Orioles draft picks on the second day include: John Carroll graduate Kevin Hockaday, a 6-foot-3 third baseman, in the 14th round and Johnny Ruettiger, an outfielder from Arizona State, in the eighth round. His uncle is Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger of Notre Dame and movie fame. Hardy leads off for first time Shortstop J.J. Hardy asked catcher Matt Wieters where they were hitting in Tuesday's lineup, and Wieters told him sixth and seventh, respectively. As reporters approached Hardy, Wieters came rushing back and whispered, "You're batting leadoff." "What?" Hardy said, laughing. "I'm glad he told me." It was newsworthy because Hardy had not batted leadoff in 703 career games. He said he would keep the same approach, though he joked that he might just swing on the first pitch in his first at-bat. "I'm not going to look at it any differently than any other at-bat," he said. "Maybe the first at-bat of the game might be a little bit different, but after that, it's just another at-bat." He waited for the second pitch to make an impact, hitting his fifth homer of the season and, of course, the first leadoff home run of his career. Showalter said he decided to bat Hardy first "out of necessity." Robert Andino and Felix Pie also have hit leadoff in Roberts' absence, but neither was in Tuesday's lineup. "We have kind of pieced that spot together until we get Brian back. And that's probably the least disruptive to the rest of the group," Showalter said of Hardy's leading off. "And he is swinging the bat well. We don't have really a conventional guy." Scott in left field1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
