3 View photosOakland Athletics pitcher Guillermo Moscoso delivers against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, June 7, 2011 in Baltimore.(AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Oakland Athletics couldn't get more than one hit in any inning against Baltimore, and many of their hard-hit balls went directly into the glove of one of the Orioles.The result was a hauntingly familiar 4-0 defeat Tuesday night that extended the A's losing streak to a season-high eight games."It seems like it's been happening like that all year, especially the last couple of weeks," Oakland center fielder Ryan Sweeney lamented. "We're having good at bats but can't put anything together and hit it right at somebody."Chris Jakubauskas pitched five innings of three-hit ball and the Orioles hit three solo homers to move into position to complete a three-game sweep Wednesday. Baltimore had lost eight straight series to Oakland since July 2007.Jakubauskas (1-0) came into the game with a 6.39 ERA over five appearances, all in relief. He was pressed into duty because the Orioles are carrying only four starters and were playing for a fifth straight day.Operating against Oakland's anemic offense, Jakubauskas looked like the ace of the Baltimore staff. The A's, who have averaged three runs per game while batting .217 during their eight-game skid, absorbed their seventh shutout loss of the season."We didn't hit the ball extremely well, but when we did it was definitely right at somebody," Oakland manager Bob Geren said. "They had some homers and we couldn't link any hits together. Made plays defensively, but nothing on the scoreboard."The last time Jakubauskas started a game was on April 24, 2010, with the Pittsburgh Pirates. In that game, the right-hander was struck in the head by a liner off the bat of Lance Berkman in the first inning and carted off the field.Against Oakland, Jakubauskas had a two-hit shutout in the fifth inning when Cliff Pennington smacked a line drive that hit the pitcher above his left ankle."There were some choice words that went through my mind after it happened, but I try to keep those as quiet as I could," Jakubauskas said. "It was more of just, 'I can't believe this. Really? Again I get hit?'"After consulting with trainer Richie Bancells and manager Buck Showalter, Jakubauskas took a few warmup tosses and finished his outing by retiring Jemile Weeks for the third out.It was enough to get him his first win in the majors since 2009 with Seattle.J.J. Hardy and Luke Scott connected against Guillermo Moscoso (2-2), and Adam Jones made it 3-0 in the sixth with a drive off Michael Wuertz. Mark Reynolds added an RBI double in the seventh against Craig Breslow.The eight-game slide is Oakland's longest since an identical skid from Sept. 27, 2009, to April 5, 2010. The A's are 5-15 since May 17.Making his major league debut, Weeks went 0 for 4 in the leadoff spot. Weeks, the 12th overall pick in the 2008 draft, had his contract purchased from Triple-A Sacramento before the game. The second baseman is the younger brother of Milwaukee Brewers second baseman Rickie Weeks.After Jakubauskas left, Clay Rapada retired two batters in the sixth, Jeremy Accardo worked 2 1-3 innings and Koji Uehara got the final three outs to complete the five-hitter.Batting at the top of the order for the first time this season, Hardy hit his first career leadoff homer, a drive to left that provided Baltimore with a lead it would not relinquish.Scott hit his seventh homer of the season — the first since May 3 — leading off the fifth. The drive traveled an estimated 418 feet and landed on Eutaw Street beyond the 25-foot wall in right field.Moscoso allowed two runs and five hits in five innings. Coming into the game, he had not given up a home run this season over 14 innings."I missed two pitches and I paid for it," he said."He threw great tonight," Sweeney said. "We just didn't score any runs for him."Notes: The A's placed LHP Brett Anderson (sore elbow) and 2B Mark Ellis (strained right hamstring) on the 15-day disabled list. ... Actor Ed Harris threw out the ceremonial first pitch. ... Eight of Baltimore's last 10 home runs have been solo shots. 
3 View photosOakland Athletics pitcher Guillermo Moscoso delivers against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, June 7, 2011 in Baltimore.(AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — If Chris Jakubauskas can figure out a way to avoid getting hit by line drives, he just might have a future as a starter in the major leagues.Jakubauskas pitched five scoreless innings, J.J. Hardy, Luke Scott and Adam Jones hit solo homers, and the Baltimore Orioles beat Oakland 4-0 Tuesday night to stretch the Athletics' losing streak to a season-high eight games.Jakubauskas (1-0) came into the game with a 6.39 ERA over five appearances, all in relief. He was pressed into duty because the Orioles are carrying only four starters and were playing for a fifth straight day.The last time Jakubauskas started a game was on April 24, 2010, with the Pittsburgh Pirates. In that game, the right-hander was struck in the head by a liner off the bat of Lance Berkman in the first inning and carted off the field.Against Oakland, Jakubauskas had a two-hit shutout in the fifth inning when Cliff Pennington smacked a line drive that hit the pitcher above his left ankle."There were some choice words that went through my mind after it happened, but I tried to keep those as quiet as I could," Jakubauskas said. "It was more of just, 'I can't believe this. Really? Again I get hit?'"After consulting with trainer Richie Bancells and manager Buck Showalter, Jakubauskas took a few warmup tosses and finished his outing by retiring Jemile Weeks for the third out.It was enough to get him his first win in the majors since 2009 with Seattle."I knew what it was: spot start, go out, try and get five or six innings, save the 'pen so we don't have to use (Alfredo) Simon or anyone else for too long. Luckily, it went that way," Jakubauskas said.He gave up three hits, walked one and struck out four."It definitely felt good to get back out, start a game and let it be mine from minute one," he said.Jones had three hits for the Orioles, who will try to complete a three-game sweep Wednesday night. Baltimore had lost eight straight series to Oakland since July 2007.Hardy and Scott connected against Guillermo Moscoso (2-2), and Jones made it 3-0 in the sixth with a drive off Michael Wuertz. Mark Reynolds added an RBI double in the seventh against Craig Breslow.The eight-game slide is Oakland's longest since an identical skid from Sept. 27, 2009, to April 5, 2010. The A's are 5-15 since May 17.Oakland didn't get more than one hit in an inning, and seemingly every time the A's made good contact, the ball went right at an Oriole."It seems like it's been happening like that all year — especially the last couple of weeks," center fielder Ryan Sweeney said. "We're having good at-bats but can't put anything together and hit it right at somebody."Making his major league debut, Weeks went 0 for 4 in the leadoff spot. Weeks, the 12th overall pick in the 2008 draft, had his contract purchased from Triple-A Sacramento before the game. The second baseman is the younger brother of Milwaukee Brewers second baseman Rickie Weeks.After Jakubauskas left, Clay Rapada retired two batters in the sixth, Jeremy Accardo worked 2 1-3 innings and Koji Uehara got the final three outs to complete the five-hitter.Before the game, the Orioles learned that it will be at least two more weeks before leadoff hitter Brian Roberts can resume baseball-related activities. Roberts received the news in a consultation with concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins in Pittsburgh.Robert Andino and Felix Pie had been used atop the order in Roberts' absence, but Showalter decided to use Hardy "out of necessity."The move paid immediate dividends. After a first-pitch strike, Hardy hit his first career leadoff homer, a drive to left that provided Baltimore with a lead it would not relinquish.Scott hit his seventh homer of the season — the first since May 3 — leading off the fifth. The drive traveled an estimated 418 feet and landed on Eutaw Street beyond the 25-foot wall in right field.Moscoso allowed two runs and five hits in five innings. Coming into the game, he had not given up a home run this season over 14 innings."He threw great tonight," Sweeney said. "We just didn't score any runs for him."NOTES: The A's placed LHP Brett Anderson (sore elbow) and 2B Mark Ellis (strained right hamstring) on the 15-day disabled list. ... Actor Ed Harris threw out the ceremonial first pitch. ... Eight of Baltimore's last 10 home runs have been solo shots. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Buster Olney says Dylan Bundy is 2011 MLB draft's best prospectJune 08, 2011Here at Baltimore Sports Blitz, it’s all Bundy, all the time. Well, at least for the rest of the week. But I’m sure you don’t mind me passing along more information on Orioles first-round draft pick Dylan Bundy, a high school pitcher out of Oklahoma that ESPN’s Buster Olney believes was the best prospect in the 2011 draft.“In the eyes of a lot of the scouting directors and general managers around baseball, the best player in the draft was Dylan Bundy,” Olney said in an appearance on “The Scott Van Pelt Show” on Wednesday.“I had one general manager actually say to me that Dylan Bundy, in his eyes, is the best pitching prospect that he has ever seen,” Olney said. “And this is not a hyperbole scout. This is someone who three years ago told me that [Nationals pitcher Stephen] Strasburg was the best prospect that he had ever seen. He said, 'Look, to see a kid this young, this refined who throws that hard is incredibly impressive.'" var adSkipCounter = 0; Olney said the knock on Bundy is that he is six-foot-1, which might be why he was still on the board when the Orioles made the fourth pick in the draft. According to Olney, Bundy, who said Wednesday that he wants to plunk Nationals prospect Bryce Harper, was the top prospect on a number of draft boards.“So if you are a fan of the Baltimore Orioles, you can look at the possibility that within three years, they’ll have a rotation of Brian Matusz and Zach Britton and Dylan Bundy,” Olney said.“And that’s pretty impressive.”Go ahead and dream, Orioles fans, and feel free to project your 2014 Orioles rotation in the comments section below.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
