3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Jeremy Guthrie walks to the mound after giving up a three run home run to Toronto Blue Jay's Yunel Escobar in the fourth inning of a baseball game Sunday, June 5, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Leaving the bullpen for his start against the Toronto Blue Jays, Jeremy Guthrie had no clue that he was in store for a very difficult afternoon."My warmup pitches went well, as well as my pregame routine," the Baltimore Orioles right-hander said.He retired the first two batters, which turned out to be equally deceptive.Guthrie gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings, and the Orioles lost 7-4 Sunday — their seventh defeat in nine games since reaching the .500 mark on May 26.Guthrie allowed at least one hit in every inning, including a three-run homer to Yunel Escobar and a solo shot to Adam Lind. He began his outing by retiring Escobar and Corey Patterson on fly balls, but very little went right after that."I had it for four pitches; two outs on four pitches," Guthrie said. "The next 85 didn't go as successfully as those first few."It was only the third time in 12 starts that Guthrie (2-8) didn't make it past the fifth inning."Jeremy wasn't carrying normal stuff. It was kind of a struggle for him most every inning," manager Buck Showalter said. "He was kind of wild in the strike zone and paid the price."Mark Reynolds hit a ninth-inning home run and Robert Andino had two of Baltimore's six hits. But the Orioles went 1 for 6 with runners in scoring position and stranded six."We were always just one pitch away," Showalter said.Lind went 4 for 4 with two homers and three RBIs, and Edwin Encarnacion had three hits for the Blue Jays, who took two of three from the last-place Orioles.Lind missed nearly a month with a sore back before being activated from the DL after Friday night's game. He went hitless on Saturday before getting two singles and two solo homers in the series finale."When you look at today's game, it looks like he hasn't even missed any time," Toronto manager John Farrell said. "What a beautiful swing. ... He was on every pitch today."It was Lind's second multihomer game of the season and the sixth of his career. Eight of his nine home runs have come in his last 13 games."I felt good today. I didn't miss my pitches," Lind said. "It was just nice to feel good all game."Jo-Jo Reyes (2-4) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1-3 innings to earn his second straight victory after going 28 consecutive starts without a win. The left-hander walked four and struck out three.Guthrie, meanwhile, fell to 2-7 lifetime against the Jays."It was just one of those days when you don't feel like you have it all together," he said. "I had no command down. I could throw strikes, but they were typically up."After Guthrie gave up an RBI single to Aaron Hill in the first inning, Baltimore used an RBI double by Vladimir Guerrero and a run-scoring groundout by Derrek Lee to take a 2-1 lead in the bottom half.In the third inning, Patterson singled and Jose Bautista walked before Lind tied it with an RBI single.Escobar made it 5-2 in the fourth with his seventh home run, a drive to left with two on and two outs. He hit four homers last season.NOTES: Baltimore was outscored 27-9 in the first inning before Sunday. ... Bautista has reached base via hit, walk or HBP in 48 of 51 games this season. ... Toronto is 17-4 against Baltimore since the start of the 2010 season. ... Orioles LF Luke Scott was unavailable after getting an injection in his ailing right shoulder. Showalter said Scott should be able to play Monday against Oakland. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays pitcher Ricky Romero reacts after giving up a grand slam to the Baltimore Orioles in the sixth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, June 4, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 5-3. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — One pitch cost Ricky Romero.With the Toronto Blue Jays up 3-1 in the sixth and the bases-loaded, Romero threw a cut fastball to Mark Reynolds. Big mistake.For the first time in 2,166 career at-bats, Reynolds hit a grand slam, and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Blue Jays 5-3.It was Reynolds' eighth homer of the season. He was previously 6 for 52 with the bases loaded and 26 strikeouts."You can have your best stuff out there and it can still work against you. One pitch can cost you the game," Romero said. "I feel like I let the team down."Romero (5-5) lost for the first time in his last five starts. He held the Orioles, who had lost six of seven, to a run and six hits through five innings."They've been playing good all game and it's my job to get out of that situation. I've been in those situations before," Romero said.Romero struck out Reynolds twice, but it's the grand slam that Toronto will remember."That's a big swing," Blue Jays manager John Farrell said. "The one swing of the bat was the difference tonight."Romero pitched 7 2-3 innings, allowing five runs on 11 hits. He struck out five and walked three.Arrieta (7-3), allowed three runs on five hits, walking four and striking out one. While his line didn't look impressive, he got better as he went along — retiring his last seven batters.Jim Johnson pitched a perfect seventh. Koji Uehara allowed a hit and then struck out the side in the eighth. Kevin Gregg allowed two hits in the ninth, but retired the final two batters for his 10th save in 13 chances.Vladimir Guerrero singled to lead off the sixth. Derrek Lee and Matt Wieters singled to load the bases. J.J. Hardy bounced to third, and Guerrero was forced at the plate. Reynolds, who was batting .115 with the bases loaded in his career, hit the slam.Arrieta fell behind quickly. The game's second batter — Corey Patterson hit an 0-2 pitch over the right field scoreboard for a 1-0 lead. It was Patterson's fifth of the year. He had three hits.In the second, Rajai Davis' sacrifice fly scored Juan Rivera for the second Toronto run.Baltimore scored in the second when Hardy's infield out scored Lee.Arrieta escaped from a bases-loaded, none out jam when Rivera grounded into a rare 5-2-3 double play and J.P. Arrencibia flied to right."We missed a golden opportunity early on with the bases loaded and nobody out — to their credit," Farrell said.In the fourth, Davis, who had three hits on Friday night, reached on a fielder's choice. He stole second and third, and scored on Mike McCoy's RBI single.NOTES: Baltimore reactivated Lee from the 15-day disabled list and optioned LHP Pedro Viola to Double A-Bowie. Lee, whose rehab assignment to Bowie, lasted just one game, was 2 for 4 with two runs scored. "I didn't feel any pain, woke up today fine and they brought me back," Lee said. Manager Buck Showalter joked about the 6-foot-5 Lee, "He's probably the biggest leadoff hitter in the Eastern League," Showalter said. .... Orioles 2B Brian Roberts, who's been on the DL with a concussion since May 17, will fly to Pittsburgh on Tuesday for a reexamination, Showalter said. ... Toronto 2B Adam Lind was 0 for 3 with a walk in his first game after missing nearly four weeks with back stiffness. Lind said he was frightened when he was in the doctor's office. "No mom, no dad in the room, no wife. You're just sitting there all alone." ... Baltimore OF Nick Markakis has a hit in 159 straight series — the most since Seattle OF Ichiro Suzuki hit in 160 consecutive series. ... The Orioles and Blue Jays have split the first two games of the three-game series. The previous eight series between the teams were sweeps. 
