3 View photosBaltimore Orioles first baseman Derrek Lee (right) reaches out to tag Toronto Blue Jays Corey Patterson during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday June 14, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Frank Gunn)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Adam Lind homered off Koji Uehara leading off the 11th inning Tuesday night, giving the Toronto Blue Jays a 6-5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles and snapping their four-game losing streak.Uehara (1-1) set the Blue Jays down in order in the 10th, striking out Corey Patterson and Jose Bautista to end the inning. Shawn Camp (1-1) responded by shutting down Baltimore in the top half of the 11th, before Lind connected off Uehara in the bottom half.Matt Wieters' two-run home run off reliever Marc Rzepczynski in the eighth tied the game 5-5. The catcher's sixth homer of the season followed a leadoff walk to Vladimir Guerrero.It also cost Blue Jays starter Carlos Villanueva the chance to win for the fourth time in five starts since entering Toronto's rotation on May 23. The 27-year-old, used exclusively as a reliever last season, gave up three runs over six strong innings.Jason Frasor replaced him with two on and none out in the seventh, and drew jeers from the announced crowd of 15,592 with a wild pitch that advanced the runners. Robert Andino's sacrifice fly scored Luke Scott to make it 4-2. Mark Reynolds then came home on J.J. Hardy's third hit of the game, a double that trimmed Toronto's lead to 4-3.Aaron Hill's second homer of the year made it 5-3 in the seventh.The deep shot came one out after Wieters threw out J.P. Arencibia trying to reach third base on a pitch in the dirt that momentarily bounced away from the Orioles catcher.Chris Jakubauskas started for Baltimore and gave up four runs in 5 1-3 innings.Toronto built its early lead on Lind's RBI double in the first and Bautista fielder's choice in the third. The Blue Jays scored two more in the fourth when Hill reached on a bunt single, Jayson Nix was hit by a pitch and Yunel Escobar had an RBI single. Nix scored on a ground out.After Wieters' homer tied the game in the eighth inning, Baltimore advanced a runner into scoring position in the eighth, ninth and tenth but failed to score each time.Toronto left the bases loaded in the bottom of the eighth when Arencibia grounded into a fielder's choice force out at home with one out and Edwin Encarnacion flied out to right.NOTES: Orioles manager Buck Showalter said 2B Brian Roberts began "stressful exertion activities" at the team's spring training complex. ... Orioles Hall of Famer Brooks Robinson was released from a Baltimore hospital Monday after follow-up treatment for an infection and fever. "That's beautiful," Showalter said. "That's the best news I've heard all day." Baltimore 1B Derrek Lee came off the bereavement list Tuesday after missing a weekend series against Tampa Bay to attend his grandfather's funeral. ... Zach Stewart will pitch Thursday for Toronto, with Jo-Jo Reyes and Brandon Morrow each getting an extra day of rest. ... Blue Jays GM Alex Anthopoulos said OF Travis Snider's swing changes at Triple-A Las Vegas are helping restore his power. "He looks a lot better at the plate," Anthopoulos said. ... The Blue Jays' Jesse Litsch is scheduled to pitch for Class-A Lansing (Mich.) on June 18. ... Baltimore entered Tuesday night on a 14-game losing streak at the Rogers Centre. Its last win in Toronto came on Aug. 7, 2009. ... Frasor made his 440th appearance for the Blue Jays, moving past Dave Stieb into third place on the all-time list. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles place reliever Simon on DL, recall BerkenRight-hander hopes hamstring strain won't sideline him for longJune 15, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunTORONTO — Concerned that a mild injury could linger and leave them without an extra reliever, the Orioles placed right-hander Alfredo Simon on the 15-day disabled list Wednesday afternoon and recalled Jason Berken.Simon said he strained his right hamstring while running before Tuesday's game. He had a similar situation last season when he injured his left hamstring and ended up on the DL."I was doing my work, working out and doing my sprints, and I felt a little pop in there," said Simon, who is 1-1 with a 3.14 ERA in five relief appearances this season. "I don't know how long it is going to take for me to get ready, but I don't think it is that bad." var adSkipCounter = 0; He was hoping to avoid the DL but said he expects to be activated when eligible June 28 — the move is retroactive to Monday. Simon also missed the first seven weeks of the season while making up for a spring training lost because he was detained in the Dominican Republic as a suspect in a fatal New Year's Day shooting.Given the inconsistency of the Orioles' rotation in terms of pitching deep into games and Tuesday's 11-inning affair, manager Buck Showalter said, he couldn't afford to have Simon unavailable for the next few days."I think it was an unknown with Simon, and he has a history of hamstrings, he's had [that type of injury] in the past," Showalter said. "We didn't feel like there was any given when he would be able to pitch again and know what we were getting."So the club recalled Berken, who was demoted to Triple-A Norfolk on May 20 after compiling a 7.94 ERA in 15 relief appearances. Berken started four games for the Tides, going 0-1 with a 3.86 ERA. He hadn't pitched since Thursday."It was his time to throw, we have length there and he was pitching well," Showalter said. "He is on schedule to give us whatever innings the Blue Jays will allow him to give us."Berken will be used out of the bullpen, but Showalter said he could be pushed into starting duty in the future if needed."It will be depending on what the needs of the team are," he said. "I wouldn't say [starting] is outside the realm of possibility. If we need to go there, we could with him. I'd feel comfortable doing that."Berken said he doesn't care about his role so long as he is back in the majors. The 27-year-old right-hander, who was the club's best pitcher in the first half of 2010, said he thinks his demotion was a good thing."I feel like long-term, it could really benefit me because I would be able to work on stuff and make some changes, make some adjustments that I probably wouldn't have made up here. So I feel like I made the best of my time down there," Berken said. "By no means was I feeling bitter or upset. … I have no one to blame but myself. And I knew that I would go down there and work hard and try to get better."Berken allowed two runs in each of his past two starts and credits the success with a change he made at Norfolk. Instead of pitching from the left side of the rubber, he moved to the right side. He said he believes it gives him more deception. Former Orioles pitching coach Mark Connor made the suggestion in spring training, but Berken was more comfortable on the left side.Without the pressure of the big leagues, Berken said, he made the change and it worked for him."I moved over to the right side, my hand placement is a little bit different," Berken said. "Just small adjustments, and I think it simplified things a little bit in terms of movement of my hands and body as a whole."Roberts has headachesSecond baseman Brian Roberts (concussion) woke up Wednesday morning with headaches and was told not to participate in workouts in Sarasota, Fla., Showalter said. He will be re-evaluated Thursday.It's not considered a major setback because Roberts still isn't cleared to do baseball activities. He is hoping to get that green light Tuesday when he revisits concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins in Pittsburgh."We hope we get to the point here, before the 21st, when he goes back [to Collins], that it is not an issue," Showalter said.Roberts has been sidelined since sliding headfirst into first base May 16.Connor on resignationConnor, who resigned as pitching coach Tuesday, was at home in Tennessee watching the Orioles-Blue Jays game Wednesday night. He made his first comments to the media since his resignation via a text message to The Baltimore Sun."First of all, I would like to thank the Orioles and especially Buck for the opportunity to be the pitching coach," Connor said. "I would also like to thank all my friends in baseball for their thoughtful messages. My health is good, my family is well. However, the intensity that is required day-to-day through the eight-month season was becoming difficult to maintain. In fairness to Buck and the pitching staff, I came to the decision it was best of all to step down. Buck has been a great friend for nearly 30 years, and I wish him and the team the very best."Machado to be promoted1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Brian Matusz 'hasn't regained that zip' on his fastballJune 15, 2011|By Matt VenselAfter an abysmal start on Sunday in which he retired just three of the 13 batters he faced, Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz insisted that he was “100 percent healthy.” But he looked so out of sync in the 9-6 loss, Rays manager Joe Maddon said Matusz didn't look quite right. “He's not throwing as hard as he used to,” he said.Meanwhile, in the Baltimore clubhouse, Orioles manager Buck Showalter wasn’t sugarcoating Matusz’s performance, saying that he had hoped to see more improvement from his young starter upon returning from the disabled list. “He's telling us he feels fine,” he said. “Just not a whole lot coming out right now.”The Orioles had won their last 10 games in which Matusz had started, a streak dating back to last August. And he had put up solid numbers in his first two starts in 2011 -- three earned runs in 11 innings -- but some other numbers have given Showalter and the Orioles reason for serious concern: the ones on the radar gun. var adSkipCounter = 0; According to ESPN Stats and Information, the velocity of Matusz’s fastball, based on month-by-month averages, has dropped more than five miles per hour since he made his major-league debut in August 2009. He averaged a 91.7 on the radar gun back then. This month, his fastball has been clocking in at 86.1 miles per hour.Opposing hitters have taken notice."He just hasn't regained that zip that he had the past year,” Rays outfielder Johnny Damon said Sunday.Appearing on 105.7 The Fan on Wednesday, Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said that Matusz is healthy. MacPhail added he was “surprised” that Matusz hasn’t regained all of his velocity after a long rehab stint, but he said the issue might just be a “function of building up your arm strength.”“For whatever reason, from where he was in spring training until the time he came back from the intercostal strain, there has been about three or four miles an hour that somehow we’ve lost in that transition,” he said. “So we’re hopeful that in another start in Washington over the weekend we’ll get closer to what we’re accustomed to seeing from Brian in terms of his velocity.”But what if we don’t see a rise Saturday against the Nationals? What should the Orioles do with their prized young pitcher then?It’s clear that Showalter is already losing patience with Matusz, and if Matusz taxes the bullpen again on Saturday, the Orioles might be forced to send him down to the minors to try to get his fastball back.It isn’t ideal, but he is a huge part of MacPhail’s rebuilding plan, and his prized left arm should be handled with care. We have seen too often, both here and throughout the rest of the baseball world, what can happen when young pitchers aren’t handled as such.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
