3 View photosToronto Blue Jays starter Zach Stewart throws a pitch against the Baltimore Orioles during first inning baseball action in Toronto on Thursday, June 16, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Nathan Denette)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Zach Stewart showed he's not afraid to throw strikes in his major league debut.The 24-year-old rookie allowed just two runs on seven hits and a single over seven innings in a game the Baltimore Orioles eventually won 4-3 over the Toronto Blue Jays."He didn't fear contact," Blue Jays manager John Farrell said. "He got ahead in the count and used his fastball and slider to disrupt some timing on some first pitches."Stewart's efficient outing marked a change from Kyle Drabek, the fellow rookie he replaced in Toronto's rotation. Following his last start, Toronto sent Drabek to Triple-A Las Vegas as the AL's walks leader."Once I got through the warm-up and got through the first pitch it was more like, 'It's still baseball,'" said Stewart. "I learned a lot of things as to how to pitch guys in certain situations, I made a few mistakes that I got away with."Stewart struck out four before being replaced by Jason Frasor.Orioles shortstop J.J. Hardy said Stewart impressed him."He threw all fastballs to me," Hardy said. "I know he was throwing some sliders to some guys and some changeups. He had a little run to his fastball. I thought he was pretty good."Jeremy Guthrie pitched five shutout innings for Baltimore before being forced out of the game by pain that began in his warm-ups before the fifth inning."Tomorrow I'm going to go see the doctor and get it looked at and see what they say," said Guthrie. "There was enough pain that we're not going to go forward with that."Baltimore scored two runs in the ninth inning to help snap a 16-game losing streak in Toronto.Vladimir Guerrero and Luke Scott opened the ninth with back-to-back singles against Toronto closer Jon Rauch (2-3). Derek Lee followed with a swinging bunt that Blue Jays third baseman Jayson Nix charged on, but Nix's throw home was high, allowing pinch-runner Nolan Reimold to score for a 3-2 Orioles lead.Luis Perez replaced Rauch and walked Mark Reynolds to load the bases before Ryan Adams singled to score pinch-runner Felix Pie and make it 4-2.Adam Lind's solo home run off Kevin Gregg in the bottom of the ninth made it 4-3, but the former Toronto closer recovered to earn his 13th save as Baltimore avoided a sweep.Jason Berken (1-2) earned the win with two shutout innings in his second appearance since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.Berken's last win was also Baltimore's last victory in Toronto on Aug. 7, 2009.Guthrie allowed just one hit with five strikeouts and one walk before leaving after throwing only 64 pitches.Hardy homered off Stewart leading off the sixth — his seventh homer of the season — to give Baltimore a 1-0 lead. Nick Markakis followed with a single and scored on a double by Guerrero, who reached 2,500 career hits."I feel very good," Guerrero said through an interpreter. "Fifteen years in the big league means I've had a lot of hits and it feels good."Jim Johnson replaced Guthrie in the sixth and almost immediately coughed up the lead on a two-run single by Jose Bautista.Nix's single and an error by second baseman Adams on a potential double-play ball from Yunel Escobar put two runners on for the Blue Jays. Corey Patterson's sacrifice bunt put runners at second and third before Bautista tied the game 2-2.Toronto loaded the bases against Johnson on singles by Adam Lind and Aaron Hill, but Edwin Encarnacion grounded into an inning-ending double-play.Stewart dealt nicely with his first big league jam, created in part by the bright sunshine.Blue Jays second baseman Hill and right fielder Bautista seemed to lose track of a Hardy pop-up because of the sun. The blooper fell in behind Hill and bounced past Bautista for a double.With runners on second and third and two outs, Stewart ended the inning by getting Markakis on a groundout to second.A balk by Stewart sent Guerrero to second following a one-out single, but Stewart again escaped unscathed by retiring Luke Scott and Derrek Lee on fly balls.Blue Jays catcher Jose Molina was ejected from the game after striking out in the bottom of the seventh inning. J.P Arencibia replaced him behind the plate.Notes: Toronto expects to activate John McDonald in time for Friday's game at Cincinnati. The infielder has been on the 15-day DL since May 28 with a right hamstring injury. ... The Orioles announced Chris Jakubauskas is scheduled to start Sunday's game in Washington. ... The 16-game home winning streak against Baltimore that Toronto carried into Thursday's game was the longest in franchise history. It was also the longest such skid for the Orioles franchise since it moved to Baltimore in 1954. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Ricky Romero delivers to the Baltimore Orioles during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 15, 2011, in Toronto. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Frank Gunn)MoreTORONTO (AP) — On any other night, Buck Showalter felt his team likely could have had a chance to win. Going up against a dominating Ricky Romero, Showalter could only tip his cap."I felt like if we could have held them at 2-0, where his pitch count was, we were going to be able to get a shot at somebody other than him, which is a lot better proposition with what he was featuring," Showalter said after the Romero pitched the Toronto Blue Jays to a 4-1 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night. "When you're carrying those three pitches, it's a tough proposition for anybody."Romero (6-6) tied a career high with 12 strikeouts and walked four for the Blue Jays, who have won 16 straight games over the Orioles at the Rogers Centre dating to Aug. 7, 2009.He walked the first two batters he faced in the ninth inning and needed Frank Francisco to complete the game. Romero was charged with one earned run after Matt Wieters hit an RBI single off Francisco in the bottom of the ninth.Vladimir Guerrero popped out before Wieters' opposite-field single scored Nick Markakis. Francisco then coaxed a double-play ball from Derrek Lee to earn his sixth save in nine chances.Showalter credited Romero for coming back strong after being tagged for 11 hits and five runs in a start at Baltimore earlier this month."He pitched us differently tonight," Showalter said. "He made some adjustments to some of those things that we did."Orioles outfielder Adam Jones, 0 for 3 with a walk against Romero, praised the Blue Jays ace while challenging his teammates after their fourth straight loss."He dealt," Jones said. "He had that changeup and every count he threw it, he had me off balance. He had a lot of people off balance. But we've seen him enough. We've got to come with a better plan. He's in our division. He's had six or seven starts against us since I've been here. We can do better. We've got a good team. We can do better, I know that. We've got to just take a step back and get better."Jake Arrieta (8-4) gave up three runs on nine hits in 6 2-3 innings for Baltimore. The 25-year-old struck out five and walked two, one of them intentional."I think it was pretty good overall, attacked their hitters for the most part really well," Arrietta said. "A consequence was a few knocks, a few base hits and the two home runs were the big blows there. But they were solo shots. I was keeping guys off base for the most part."Yunel Escobar's leadoff home run and Juan Rivera's solo shot in the sixth were the 11th and 12th against Arrieta in 15 starts this season.Last year, he gave up just nine homers in 18 starts."I think early on in the season I was falling behind guys and they were able to be a lot more comfortable in the box," he said. "Tonight it was just a matter of those guys swinging the bats well. They knew I was going to attack them and come at them with all my pitches and they got a couple good pitches to hit."Escobar's eighth home run of the season gave Toronto an early 1-0 lead.In the sixth, Rivera touched Arrieta for his fifth home run of the season to put the Blue Jays ahead 2-0.Reliever Clay Rapada took over from Arrieta in the bottom of the seventh following a two-out walk to Jose Bautista.Adam Lind doubled Toronto's lead to 4-0 with his 13th home run of the season on a 1-2 pitch from Rapada.Until Lind's two-run homer in the seventh, it looked as though Toronto would continue a trend of meager offense with its ace on the mound. Before Wednesday night, the Blue Jays had scored 13 runs for Romero in two of his 13 previous starts.In the left-hander's 11 other starts, Toronto had scored a total of 11 runs.Newly called up right-hander Jason Berken replaced Rapada to get the final out of the seventh inning."We wanted to get him out there and not leave him too long so he's still a long option for us tomorrow," Showalter said.Former Blue Jays closer Kevin Gregg pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the Orioles.Notes: Baltimore 2b Brian Roberts took the day off Wednesday and will be reevaluated on Thursday after waking up with headaches. Roberts is on the 15-day DL because of a concussion and took part in "exertional" exercises on Tuesday ... J.J. Hardy's fourth-inning double gave him an eight-game hitting streak. ... Orioles manager Buck Showalter did not hold out hope Toronto's "70's Night" promotion would sway locals to come to the park instead of watching Game 7 of the NHL's Stanley Cup finals between Vancouver and Boston. "That's the decision for fans who are going to be here tonight, that or Game 7?," Showalter said. "I'll make a bet who's going to win that one. ... Lind's intentional walk was the first of the season. The Blue Jays 1b/DH now has six home runs and 12 RBIs in 11 games since coming of the DL. 
