3 View photosBaltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones misses a ball hit for an inside-the-park home run by Tampa Bay Rays' Evan Longoria during the eighth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, June 12, 2011, in Baltimore. The Rays won 9-6. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Brian Matusz acknowledged that very little went right during his brief and ineffective performance against the Tampa Bay Rays.He insisted he was healthy, however, even though the results — and some of the Rays — suggested otherwise.Matusz didn't make it out of the second inning, and the Baltimore Orioles couldn't generate enough offense to overcome his poor start Sunday in a 9-6 defeat.Making his third start since returning from the disabled list with an oblique injury, Matusz (1-1) gave up four runs, five hits and four walks in 1 1-3 innings. Riding a seven-game winning streak that started last August, the left-hander retired only three of the 13 batters he faced."From the get-go I didn't get a good feel, (not even) warming up in the bullpen," he said. "It was just one of those days where you've got to be able to battle without your good stuff. They were able to find some holes and get some things going early, and I just wasn't able to get on track today."Asked if he was physically sound, Matusz replied, "I'm 100 percent healthy."But Johnny Damon, who hit his 27th career leadoff homer for the Rays, said, "He went on the disabled list earlier this season and he hasn't regained the zip he had last year. Injuries take a toll on players. His fastball wasn't what it was last year and we happened to jump on it."Rays manager Joe Maddon added, "I think there might be something not quite right with Matusz. He's not throwing as hard as he used to. I'm certain that he's not feeling 100 percent. That's what I saw."Tampa Bay stole four bases in the first inning alone against Matusz, who acknowledged he needs to improve holding runners on base."It's not fair for guys like that when I'm just taking my time and trying to get into a groove," Matusz said.Evan Longoria hit an inside-the-park homer and Justin Ruggiano had three hits for the Rays, who won two of three from Baltimore to clinch their first winning road trip of 11 or more games since 2003. Tampa Bay is 6-4 on a four-city, 11-game journey that concludes with a makeup game in Detroit on Monday.Damon had two hits and scored twice. The 37-year-old has reached base in a career-best 37 consecutive games, tying the club record set by Ben Grieve in 2001.Longoria's first career inside-the-park homer came in the eighth with a man on and put Tampa Bay up 9-5. His liner to center curled past a hard-charging Adam Jones, and the ball rolled to the wall as Longoria circled the bases."I had a shot at it. I just missed the ball," Jones said.Longoria reached the plate well ahead of the final relay throw. It was the third inside-the-park homer in the 20-year history of Camden Yards; Butch Davis did it for Texas in 1993 and Detroit's Shane Halter hit one in 2003."You hit balls like that in batting practice all the time, where it comes off the bat and has that knuckle action," Longoria said. "But it doesn't happen too often in games."Tampa Bay starter Wade Davis (5-5) allowed five runs, four earned, and eight hits in six-plus innings. He's 4-0 lifetime in Baltimore and 2-2 overall against the Orioles this season.J.P. Howell got three outs for his first save. Kyle Farnsworth was not available because of the flu.Jones, Vladimir Guerrero and Luke Scott hit solo homers for Baltimore. Fifteen of the Orioles' last 21 home runs have been solo shots.The Rays batted around in the first inning, getting four hits and stealing four bases, yet they scored only three runs. After Damon hit his eighth homer, Ben Zobrist and Ruggiano singled before Longoria hit a sacrifice fly. Two batters later, Sean Rodriguez got an RBI when Mark Reynolds misplayed his grounder to third.Jones and Guerrero connected in succession in the bottom half, the second time this season the Orioles hit back-to-back homers.The only out Matusz got in the second inning came when Damon was caught stealing on a questionable call. Tampa Bay then loaded the bases before Orioles manager Buck Showalter summoned Alfredo Simon, who gave up a sacrifice fly to B.J. Upton.A double by Casey Kotchman and an RBI single by Damon made it 5-2 in the third.Baltimore got an unearned run in the bottom half, but Reynolds' second error of the game and 14th of the season provided Tampa Bay with two unearned runs in the seventh for a 7-3 lead.In the Baltimore half, after singles by Ryan Adams and Craig Tatum chased Davis, Nick Markakis and Jones hit run-scoring groundouts.NOTES: Reynolds left in the seventh with a bruised forearm after being struck with a ball hit by Rodriguez in the fifth inning. ... Activated from the disabled list after Saturday's game, Rays shortstop Elliott Johnson (knee sprain) went 0 for 3 with a walk. ... The season series is tied at 6. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' Evan Longoria follows through on an RBI single against the Baltimore Orioles in the fifth inning of a baseball game Saturday, June 11, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Joe Maddon almost ran out of breath trying to pass around the credit for a Tampa Bay victory that required two late comebacks and an inspired 11th-inning uprising.Ben Zobrist got four extra-base hits and scored four runs, including the tiebreaker in the 11th on a single by Evan Longoria, leading the Rays past the Baltimore Orioles 7-5 on Saturday night.Longoria had three RBIs and Casey Kotchman went 4 for 6 with two RBIs for the Rays, who forced extra innings with a run in the ninth off Baltimore closer Kevin Gregg.But the list of stars went much deeper than that.Justin Ruggiano and B.J. Upton made great catches in the outfield, Matt Joyce unselfishly advanced runners on the bases and John Jaso did a solid job handling six different pitchers."Just go around the field," Maddon said. "Whether it was Ruggiano going over the wall, B.J. doing the Willie Mays thing, Matt moving runners, Jaso really good game behind the plate ... every player contributed tonight to that win."Especially Zobrist, whose four extra-base hits tied a club record. His four runs matched a career high."I feel good about spraying the ball around the field," Zobrist said. "But the story was just the way our team battled back."Zobrist had three doubles and a triple. He started the 11th with a double off Jeremy Accardo (3-2) and took third on a groundout. After Longoria hit a soft liner to center, Kotchman followed with an RBI double.Juan Cruz (4-0) got two outs in the 10th and Kyle Farnsworth worked the 11th for his 14th save.Baltimore took a 5-4 lead in the eighth when Joel Peralta forced in a run by walking rookie Brandon Snyder with the bases loaded and two outs.Tampa Bay tied it in the ninth against Gregg, who has four blown saves. After Zobrist hit a one-out triple and Joyce walked, Longoria popped out. But Kotchman followed with an RBI single up the middle."We needed it," Longoria said. "The bats seemed to have been hit or miss this year. ... That was a big win for us."Johnny Damon got two hits and scored twice for the Rays. He has reached base in 36 consecutive games, a career high and one short of Ben Grieve's club record. His fifth-inning double lifted him into a tie for 54th place on the career list with Al Kaline and Bill Buckner.Mark Reynolds homered twice and drove in three runs for the Orioles, whose four-game winning streak ended."We had our chances. That's what we are trying to do," Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie said. "We have been so good closing out games recently that it's tough. We're not going to always have everything go well for us and perfect. And tonight we let them back in the game."Rays starter David Price gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings, striking out six and walking one. He lost a three-run lead and yielded both of Reynolds' homers.Guthrie allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings. He has only one win in his last 12 starts despite owning a respectable 3.77 ERA for the season.Reynolds' second home run, a drive to center with a man on, put Baltimore up 4-3 in the sixth.But the Rays pulled even with an unearned run in the seventh against Jim Johnson. Zobrist led off with a double and was at second with two outs when Kotchman hit a bouncer up the middle. Second baseman Robert Andino caught up to the ball, but his throw to first was wild, enabling Zobrist to score.In the Baltimore half, J.J. Hardy greeted J.P. Howell with a drive to left that a leaping Ruggiano caught at the wall.That began a perfect inning for the struggling Howell, who came in with a 15.75 ERA.Tampa Bay got a first-inning run when Damon singled and scored on a two-out double by Longoria.It became 3-0 in the fifth when Damon and Zobrist hit successive doubles and Longoria added an RBI single.Reynolds led off the bottom half with a drive over the wall in right-center and Adam Jones added a run-scoring double with two outs to bring Baltimore to 3-2.NOTES: After the game, the Rays activated infielder Elliott Johnson (left knee sprain) from the disabled list and designated infielder Felipe Lopez for assignment. ... Baltimore has been outscored 29-14 in the first inning. ... It was the 10th multihomer game of Reynolds' career. He leads the Orioles with 12 homers for the season. 
