3 View photosBaltimore Orioles shortstop J.J. Hardy, left, tags out Tampa Bay Rays' Johnny Damon on a steal-attempt in the first inning of a baseball game on Friday, June 10, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Tampa Bay rookie Jeremy Hellickson had everything going for him as he took the mound against the Baltimore Orioles looking for his eighth win.The right-hander was 6-1 with a 1.74 ERA in his previous seven starts. He was 3-0 with a 1.25 ERA lifetime against Baltimore.Neither trend continued in the worst outing of Hellickson's major league career, and he didn't get his usual dose of offensive support either: The Rays mustered a season-low three hits in a 7-0 win on Friday night.Hellickson (7-4) gave up five runs, a career high-tying seven hits and three walks in 5 2-3 innings. The second pitch he threw was hit over the left-field wall by J.J. Hardy, and Nick Markakis added the clincher with a grand slam in the second inning."I just made a really bad pitch, and he made me pay for it," Hellickson said of the hanging curve to Markakis. "It was the only pitch I was upset with — and it's the biggest pitch of the game."Markakis had gone 88 at-bats without an extra-base hit since hitting a home run against Tampa Bay on May 15, and was mired in a 6-for-43 skid that dropped his batting average to .237.He drove in two runs in the eighth off Andy Sonnanstine to establish a new career high with six RBIs. He had six RBIs in his previous 27 games.Jake Arrieta (8-3) took a no-hitter into the sixth and ended up allowing two hits over seven innings."It was his day today," said John Jaso, who went 0 for 3. "He threw his pitches in hitters' counts. We were popping them up or hitting them right at somebody."Koji Uehara allowed one hit in the eighth and Mike Gonzalez worked a 30-pitch ninth to complete the three-hitter. It was the fewest hits Tampa Bay has mustered in a game this season.In his previous 15 starts, Hellickson allowed more than three earned runs only once — four runs on April 17 against Minnesota. Not only did he yield more runs than ever before, but he also surrendered two homers in a game for the first time.The one to Markakis, of course, hurt the most."One pitch," manager Joe Maddon lamented. "He wasn't sharp, but he got through it."There were few offensive highlights for the Rays, whose three-game winning streak ended. Tampa Bay had been averaging more than seven runs per game when Hellickson was on the mound, but the Rays were no match for Arrieta.Johnny Damon led off the first inning with a walk, extending to 35 his career-high streak of games reaching base — the longest active run in the majors and two games short of Ben Grieve's club record (in 2001). But he was thrown out trying to steal second.Arrieta struck out the side in the third. In the fourth, Ben Zobrist walked but was wiped out in a double play.The Rays threatened in the sixth. After Sam Fuld broke up the no-hitter with a leadoff double, Justin Ruggiano got an infield hit and Reid Brignac popped out. Damon followed with a grounder up the middle that Arrieta tipped with his glove. Second baseman Robert Andino got the rebound with a backhanded grab and flipped the ball to shortstop Hardy, whose relay to first base completed the 1-4-6-3 double play.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed by rain for 1 hour, 8 minutes. ... Rays RF Matt Joyce was a late scratch, one day after getting a cortisone shot in his left shoulder. ... Tampa Bay 3B Evan Longoria started for the first time since June 4. He was out with tightness in his left side and the flu. ... The Orioles recalled 1B Brandon Snyder from Triple-A Norfolk to fill in for Derrek Lee, who was placed on the bereavement list Thursday and is expected to miss the entire three-game series. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles shortstop J.J. Hardy, left, tags out Tampa Bay Rays' Johnny Damon on a steal-attempt in the first inning of a baseball game on Friday, June 10, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Nick Markakis had gotten in the habit of adjourning to the video room after games, looking for clues that might help him end a perplexing and prolonged slump.He put off the exercise Friday night to address the flock of reporters in front of his locker — a rare sight in the Baltimore Orioles clubhouse this season.Markakis ended an extended power outage with a grand slam and a two-run double, Jake Arrieta took a no-hitter into the sixth inning, and the surging Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7-0.Markakis' third career slam, off rookie Jeremy Hellickson (7-4), put Baltimore up 5-0 in the second inning. Markakis had gone 88 at-bats without an extra-base hit since hitting a home run against Tampa Bay on May 15, and was mired in a 6-for-43 skid that dropped his batting average to .237.He drove in two runs in the eighth off Andy Sonnanstine to establish a new career high in RBIs with six. He had six RBIs in his previous 27 games.Asked if he was pleased, Markakis said, "I guess you could say it was a relief for me, but it was a relief for the whole team. We got a big hit in a big situation."Poring over game film for hours and taking extra batting practice paid off, but there was no guarantee his resurgence would last into the weekend."There's still a lot more hard work to come," he said. "I'm feeling better, but I still don't feel like I'm where I need to be. I'm just going to keep plugging away."J.J. Hardy hit his second leadoff homer for the Orioles, who have won four straight to get within a victory of .500 (31-32). Hardy reached base all five trips to the plate and scored three runs.Arrieta (8-3) faced the minimum 15 batters through five innings, walking two, before Sam Fuld led off the sixth with a double. The right-hander said he was thinking about the no-hitter since early in the game."You know you haven't given up a hit," he said. "I've had a few outings like that, where you don't give up a hit until the fifth or sixth and you sit there and think what if? What if tonight is the night? But you don't really let that get to you."He ended up allowing two hits over seven innings and moved into a tie with Boston's Jon Lester for the AL lead in wins.Koji Uehara allowed one hit in the eighth and Mike Gonzalez worked a 30-pitch ninth to complete the three-hitter. It was the fewest hits Tampa Bay has mustered in a game this season.Hellickson gave up five runs, a career high-tying seven hits and three walks in 5 2-3 innings. The right-hander was 6-1 with a 1.74 ERA in his previous seven starts and 3-0 with a 1.25 ERA lifetime against the Orioles, but neither trend continued in the worst outing of his big league career.In his previous 15 starts, Hellickson allowed more than three earned runs only once — four runs on April 17 against Minnesota. Not only did he yield more runs than ever before, but he also surrendered two homers in a game for the first time.The one to Markakis, of course, hurt the most."I just made a really bad pitch, and he made me pay for it," Hellickson said. "It was the only pitch I was upset with — and it's the biggest pitch of the game."Hellickson fell behind after throwing two pitches, the second one a hanging curveball that Hardy drove into the left-field seats. In his first career start in the leadoff spot Tuesday, Hardy began the game with a home run against Oakland's Guillermo Moscoso.Baltimore pulled away in the second. After a walk to Luke Scott, a double by Mark Reynolds and two-out walk to Hardy loaded the bases, Markakis hit a breaking pitch over the 25-foot scoreboard in right field.Hellickson had given up only one home run in his previous six starts."He wasn't sharp, but he got through it," Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon said.There were few offensive highlights for the Rays, whose three-game winning streak ended.Johnny Damon led off the first inning with a walk, extending to 35 his career-high streak of games reaching base — the longest active run in the majors and two games short of Ben Grieve's club record (in 2001). But he was thrown out trying to steal second base.Arrieta struck out the side in the third. In the fourth, Ben Zobrist walked but was wiped out in a double play.The Rays threatened in the sixth. After Fuld's double, Justin Ruggiano got an infield hit and Reid Brignac popped out. Damon followed with a grounder up the middle that Arrieta tipped with his glove. Second baseman Robert Andino got the rebound with a backhanded grab and flipped the ball to shortstop Hardy, whose relay to first base completed the 1-4-6-3 double play.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed by rain for 1 hour, 8 minutes. ... Rays RF Matt Joyce was a late scratch, one day after getting a cortisone shot in his left shoulder. ... Tampa Bay 3B Evan Longoria started for the first time since June 4. He was out with tightness in his left side and the flu. ... The Orioles recalled 1B Brandon Snyder from Triple-A Norfolk to fill in for Derrek Lee, who was placed on the bereavement list Thursday and is expected to miss the entire three-game series. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Change of scenery might benefit Guthrie, O'sJune 11, 2011|Peter SchmuckIt's only June, but it might be time for the Orioles to start seriously pondering the mystery that is Jeremy Guthrie. The veteran cornerstone of the starting rotation is 2-8 and — by all accounts — much better than that dismal won-loss record. He is a solid guy and a solid presence in the Orioles clubhouse. He's also a dependable innings eater who preserves the bullpen and handles the swings and errors of his outrageous fortune without public complaint or self pity. In other words, what's not to like, and yet you can make the case that the July 31 deadline for making trades without waivers can't get here soon enough, both for Guthrie and the team. var adSkipCounter = 0;  What? It never crossed your mind that the Orioles might benefit from dealing Guthrie at the deadline to beef up the offense or the position side of the organizational youth movement? It never occurred to you that Guthrie just might need a change of scenery to get out of this strange sub-.500 funk that largely is no fault of his own? It's almost impossible to explain, but the guy's Orioles career has been a study in statistical injustice. When he pitches well, the Orioles' offense takes the night off. When he makes a mistake, there never seems to be anyone around to pick him up. Sure, that kind of stuff is going to happen a lot when you play for a series of doormat teams — and you're matched up regularly against the best pitchers in the league — but not this much. Guthrie isn't totally blameless, of course. If you want to trot out the Orioles' .419 winning percentage over the course of his career (through Friday), you have to ask how Guthrie's winning percentage over that same period is only .417, despite finishing only one season with an ERA above 4.00. He can be his own worst enemy at times, but it's fair to wonder if he simply suffers from the baseball version of the Stockholm Syndrome and has psychologically adopted his team's losing identity. If you ask an old pitching coach, he'll probably tell you that winning pitchers find ways to win, which is pretty much what Mark Connor said when he was sizing up Guthrie at the end of spring training. "Jeremy is at a certain point in his career where it's time to become a winning pitcher,'' Connor told Dan Connolly of The Sun. "Pitchers really can't control wins so much, but I've been on some teams that were pretty bad that had a couple of guys that won more than they lost. He's pitched in the big leagues, he's been in the rotation three or four full years … it's time for him to be the guy and set an example." That's certainly easier said than done under the circumstances that have faced Guthrie during his 4½ seasons in Baltimore, so maybe he deserves the chance to find out just how good he could be in a more fertile environment than a perennial losing club in the toughest division in the sport. He'll definitely have value for all of the reasons already outlined here. If made available in July, he likely would be one of the top starting pitchers on the trade market and he would figure to be attractive to any contending team with a hole in its rotation. Don't know about you, but I'd like to see what he can do with consistent run support in a highly competitive situation. The alternative for the Orioles would be to keep him and figure out what to do with him as he heads into his free-agent walk year in 2012. Can they justify a rich, multi-year extension for a guy who has never had a full winning season in the major leagues? Do they want to pay him $7 million or so in his final year of arbitration eligibility to buy time while they wait for another of their young pitching prospects to pop? There's no easy answer, of course. Good pitching is hard to find and Guthrie is a good veteran starting pitcher. It's just getting harder and harder to imagine him reaching his full potential in an Orioles uniform. peter.schmuck@baltsun.com Listen to Peter Schmuck on "The Week in Review" on Friday's at noon on WBAL (1090AM) and WBAL.com.      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
