0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Early Homers by Brewers Cool Lester and Red Sox  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSJUNE 18, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Rickie Weeks and Corey Hart homered on consecutive pitches in the first inning Saturday night to help the Milwaukee Brewers spoil Jon Lester’s bid to become the majors’ first 10-game winner in a 4-2 victory over the Red Sox in Boston.Randy Wolf (5-4) battled through seven innings for Milwaukee, which won for just the second time in its last six games. The Red Sox had won 12 of 13.Wolf scattered nine hits, walked one and struck out three, ending a string of four no-decisions. John Axford got the final three outs for his 19th save in 21 chances.Lester (9-3) allowed four runs — three earned — and matched his career high of three home runs allowed, the other time coming on opening day in Texas. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Before the game, the Red Sox placed left fielder Carl Crawford on the 15-day disabled list with a left hamstring strain, sustained Friday as he beat out an infield hit, and recalled outfielder Josh Reddick from Class AAA Pawtucket.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  NATIONALS 4, ORIOLES 2 Michael Morse’s 13th home run, a two-run shot, broke a 1-1 tie in the sixth, sending host Washington to its eighth straight victory. Last week, the Nationals were stumbling along in last place with a 27-36 record; now they are a victory from .500 (35-36) and in third place in the National League East behind Philadelphia and Atlanta.The Nationals’ Ryan Zimmerman homered and doubled in his fifth game off the disabled list.Baltimore, which has lost six of seven, designated reliever Jeremy Accardo for assignment. Accardo, who has a 5.29 earned run average, was the losing pitcher on Friday against Washington.RAYS 7, MARLINS 4 The rookie Alex Cobb (2-0), who has been filling in for the injured Jeff Niemann, pitched into the seventh inning for host Tampa Bay. Florida lost its ninth straight and is 1-17 in June. Photo       Ryan Zimmerman had two hits, including a double that ignited a three-run rally in the sixth.  Credit             Patrick Smith/Getty Images           The Rays’ Johnny Damon hit his 500th double in the first inning. He is the 11th player to have 500 doubles, 100 triples, 200 homers, and 2,500 hits; the other 10 are in the Hall of Fame.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CARDINALS 5, ROYALS 4 Matt Holliday’s two-run homer rallied host St. Louis from a 4-3 deficit in the eighth inning, helping the Cardinals break a seven-game losing streak. Holliday is 5 for 9 with two home runs since his return from a quadriceps injury June 16.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  RANGERS 5, BRAVES 4 Adrian Beltre drove in the go-ahead run with a single in the 10th inning for visiting Texas. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    After a rain delay of 2 hours 16 minutes in the fifth inning, Rangers starter Matt Harrison returned and pitched into the seventh. “I was able to stay loose,” said Harrison, who was drafted by Atlanta eight years ago.TWINS 1, PADRES 0 Scott Baker (5-4) struck out 10 batters in eight innings and Danny Valencia homered for host Minnesota, which won its sixth straight game and its 13th in 15. That surge has cut the Twins’ deficit in the American League Central to eight games from 16 ½.ROCKIES 5, TIGERS 4 Ubaldo Jimenez (2-7) pitched five solid innings before leaving with a cramp in his right calf and had a two-run single for his first hit of the season, helping host Colorado to its fourth straight victory. Jimenez’s earned run average is 4.58; by this time last season, he was 13-1 with a 1.15 ERA.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Phil Coke (1-7) has not won since April 14.WHITE SOX 6, DIAMONDBACKS 2  John Danks came up smiling after taking a line drive to the head in the fourth inning, remained in the game and pitched Chicago to a victory at Arizona. Danks (3-8) won his third straight after an 0-8 start. Paul Konerko went 3 for 4 with a homerun, two runs batted in and two runs.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  BLUE JAYS 4, REDS 0 Jose Molina doubled and homered as Toronto dropped host Cincinnati to 0-5 in interleague play. The Blue Jays’ Brandon Morrow (3-4), who allowed a career-high nine runs in a loss to Boston last week, held the Reds to five hits in six and two-thirds innings.INDIANS 5, PIRATES 1 Carlos Carrasco (7-3) took a no-hitter into the sixth inning and won his third straight start for host Cleveland, which has won four of six games after losing 9 of 10. Orlando Cabrera hit a solo home run and Grady Sizemore scored two runs and drove in another off Paul Maholm (3-8).SURGERY FOR PADILLA Los Angeles Dodgers reliever Vicente Padilla had surgery Thursday to fuse vertebrae in his neck and is expected to miss the rest of the season, MLB.com reported on the Dodgers’ Web site. Padilla, who turns 34 in September, has three saves in nine appearances this season. ... Florida outfielder Mike Stanton, who has 16 homers and 41 R.B.I., was scratched from the lineup against Tampa Bay because of an eye infection. ... The Cleveland Indians placed first baseman Matt LaPorta on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained right ankle, sustained Friday, and recalled outfielder Travis Buck, who had been optioned to Class AAA Columbus on Friday.  A version of this article appears in print on June 19, 2011, on Page SP4 of the New York edition with the headline: Early Homers By Brewers Cool Lester And Red Sox.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosWashington Nationals' Ian Desmond steals second base as Baltimore Orioles second baseman Robert Andino, left, gets the late throw from home during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game, Friday, June 17, 2011, in Washington. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)MoreWASHINGTON (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles got at least one hit in every inning and totaled 18 for the game, numbers that usually add up to a lopsided victory.And it did — for the Washington Nationals.The Orioles failed to capitalize on repeated scoring opportunities and fell 8-4 Friday night despite getting five hits from Derrek Lee and four apiece from Adam Jones and Nick Markakis.Baltimore stranded 12 and went 4 for 14 with runners in scoring position."You'd expect more runs out of that many hits," Lee said. "We didn't get them at the right time."Matt Wieters flied out in the first inning with two on, grounded out in the third with a runner in scoring position, hit into a double play with two on in the fifth and bounced into a fielder's choice with the bases full in the sixth."It's disappointing. I left a small army out there on the bases tonight," he said.The game, dubbed the Battle of the Beltways, attracted a crowd of 35,562. The Nationals entered the weekend averaging 21,735 per contest.Washington went up 7-4 with a three-run sixth. Wilson Ramos drew a leadoff walk from Jeremy Accardo (3-3) and Jerry Hairston followed with an RBI double. Accardo then walked pitcher Sean Burnett (3-3) on four pitches, and Jayson Werth singled in a run before Ian Desmond hit a sacrifice fly.That was enough to assure the Nationals their seventh straight win.Roger Bernadina homered off Mike Gonzalez in the eighth, his third of the season but second in two games.Baltimore starter Zach Britton allowed four runs, one earned, and five hits in five innings. The most notable facet of his performance came at the plate, where he got his first major-league hit — an RBI double in the fourth.Limited to one hit through four innings, Washington batted around in the fifth and took a 4-2 lead. Wilson Ramos singled and took third on a single by Hairston before starter Jason Marquis bunted in an effort to get Hairston to second. Third baseman Mark Reynolds threw wildly to first, allowing a run to score.Bernadina followed with a run-scoring grounder and Desmond and Ryan Zimmerman added RBI singles. Three of the four runs were unearned, courtesy of Reynolds' 15th error, most among major league third basemen."We need to play better. Spring training is over," Wieters said. "We've been playing for a while. We keep making the same mistakes. We have to start getting some runs and playing better defense."Baltimore tied it in the sixth. Pinch-hitter Vladimir Guerrero hit an RBI single and J.J. Hardy added a sacrifice fly, but the uprising ended when Wieters hit into a fielder's choice.Marquis went 5 1-3 innings, allowing four runs and 12 hits — most by a Nationals pitcher this season.The Orioles got two runners on base in each of the first two innings but failed to score, and Jones was stranded after hitting a two-out double in the third.Baltimore finally broke through in the fourth. Lee doubled with one out and was waved home on a two-out single to left by Robert Andino. The throw from Hairston beat the runner to the plate, but Ramos attempted to apply the tag before controlling the ball — and did neither.Lee scored, and Britton followed with an opposite-field liner to left for a 2-0 lead.Baltimore again wasted a couple of hits in the fifth. After five innings, the Orioles had two runs on 10 hits, stranded seven and were 2 for 11 with runners in scoring position."Two ways to look at it," manager Buck Showalter said. "You're really proud of creating that many opportunities to score runs, but the double play got us again. I think we had two or three, something like that."NOTES: Wizards rookie John Wall threw out the ceremonial first pitch, a one-hopper to the plate. ... The start of the game was delayed 56 minutes by rain. ... Jones came into the game mired in an 0-for-14 slump. ... Desmond is riding a career-high hitting streak of 11 games. ... The season series is tied at 2. 
3 View photosWashington Nationals' Danny Espinosa (18) safely steals second as the ball pops out of the glove of Baltimore Orioles second baseman Robert Andino, left, during the sixth inning of an interleague baseball game in Washington, Saturday, June 18, 2011. The Nationals beat the Orioles 4-2. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)MoreWASHINGTON (AP) — Adam Jones sat in front of his locker, a huge bag of ice wrapped around his right shoulder and a look of disgust planted on his face.Although Jones homered Saturday, the Baltimore Orioles lost to the Washington Nationals 4-2 to fall a season-worst six games under .500 (31-37).Baltimore has dropped six of seven, including the first two games of this interleague series against their nearby rivals. After wasting 18 hits Friday night, Baltimore stranded eight Saturday and went 2 for 7 with runners in scoring position."We just have to be able to get the big hit," Jones said. "We have to be able to get the runner in. That's what it is. It's not a lack of baserunners, it's not a lack of opportunities. It's just a lack of production."Brian Matusz (1-2) absorbed his second straight loss and left in the sixth inning with cramping in his left hamstring.Asked if he was concerned about missing his next start, Matusz said, "I would say no. I don't think it's a strain or anything like that. It's just a cramp."With the score tied at 1, the Nationals went ahead for good in the sixth. Ryan Zimmerman hit a one-out double and Michael Morse followed with his 13th home run. Ivan Rodriguez added a two-out RBI double off reliever Clay Rapada, which irritated manager Buck Showalter because pitcher Jordan Zimmermann was on deck."We made a poor pitch on Pudge," Showalter said. "We shouldn't even be touching the strike zone with the pitcher on deck. That hurt us."J.J. Hardy singled in a run in the seventh, but that's as close as the Orioles would come. Drew Storen worked a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 19 tries.Matusz was making his fourth start since being activated from the disabled list on June 1 after missing two months with a strained muscle in his left side. In his previous appearance, he yielded four runs, five hits and four walks in 1 1-3 innings against the Tampa Bay Rays, who openly wondered whether the left-hander was at full strength.Matusz pitched well for five innings against Washington but came unglued in the sixth. He was charged with four runs and six hits in 5 1-3 innings."It was a huge step forward from my last start. That's pretty evident," Matusz said.Matusz wasn't the only Oriole forced out of the game with an injury. Luke Scott left in the fourth inning with back spasms."First swing of the day, slider inside, I got some spasms going on in my back," he said. "I just finished the at-bat, kept going, hoping that the pain would subside or loosen up. Then it just kept staying tight, especially when I breathe and take a deep breath. It was hard for me to move."Scott did not expect to be sidelined for more than a day or two.Washington has won eight in a row, its longest winning streak since an eight-game run from Aug. 2-9, 2009.The game attracted a crowd of 36,614, the second-largest of the season at Nationals Park behind opening day. The teams drew 35,562 fans on Friday night.Zimmermann (5-6) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1-3 innings to win a third consecutive decision. The right-hander has not allowed more than three runs in nine successive starts since April 26."The last couple starts have been good," he said. "This one, it was good, but I didn't have my best stuff."Jones and Zimmerman both hit solo homers in the first. It was the 10th of the season for Jones and the second for Zimmerman, the first since his return from the disabled list after missing 58 games with a left abdominal tear.Derrek Lee hit a one-out double in the Baltimore fourth and took third on a single by Felix Pie. Zimmermann then struck out Mark Reynolds and retired Robert Andino on a grounder.Notes: LHP Tom Gorzellany will be activated on Sunday to start for Washington. He's been on the disabled list since May 23 with an inflamed left elbow. ... RHP Brad Bergesen, recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game, pitched two scoreless innings. ... Morse now has 42 RBIs, a new career high. He had 41 in 98 games last year. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' season going downhill in a hurryJune 18, 2011|By Peter SchmuckWASHINGTON — — Maybe this should have been obvious before Luke Scott's back seized up during his first at-bat and Brian Matusz hobbled off the field in the sixth inning of the Orioles' 4-2 loss to the Washington Nationals Saturday afternoon, but the 2011 season is hanging by a thread. President of baseball operations Andy MacPhail obviously sensed that, since he alluded to the tenuous nature of his shaky ballclub even before the Orioles took the field for the second game of their interleague series at Nationals Park. "We're teetering,'' MacPhail said. "We could teeter good. We could teeter bad. I can see things getting better, but a lot of things have to happen." var adSkipCounter = 0;  The most important of those things was a healthy rebound by Matusz, who raised all sorts of red flags in his previous start. He put up a fight this time and dueled Nationals right-hander Jordan Zimmermann to a draw until Michael Morse launched a tie-breaking two-run homer into the Nationals bullpen in the sixth, but veteran first baseman Derrek Lee saw something in Matusz's manner that didn't look right and waved manager Buck Showalter and trainer Richie Bancells to the mound. Matusz was escorted off the field and helped down the dugout steps. The club announced later in the game that he had suffered cramping in his left hamstring and is listed as day-to-day. That was the last thing MacPhail and Showalter wanted to deal with on the day after they made another wave of roster moves to solidify the bullpen and add a more dependable utility infielder. Though the hamstring problem apparently is not serious, it's hard not to be concerned when you stack it on top of Matusz's recent intercostal injury and the troublesome questions raised by his waning velocity. MacPhail admitted before the game that it was an extremely important start for Matusz and the team, which has now lost six of its past seven games and fallen six games under .500. The Orioles also have fallen to a double-digit deficit in the American League East, but this is more about the day-to-day competitiveness of the team than its place in the standings. "We're a little beat up, we're not as deep as we'd like to be and we're streaky as hell," MacPhail said. The latest Matusz injury only complicates an already disjointed pitching situation. The Orioles still don't know if Jeremy Guthrie will be about to start Tuesday night's game in Pittsburgh — though he got through his throwing session on Saturday without incident — and the bullpen clearly has been negatively affected by the hamstring injury that forced Alfredo Simon onto the disabled list. That's why Brad Bergesen was called up Friday night, because he can fill either role. The Orioles are also battling their usual demons at the plate. They had 18 hits on Friday night and managed to score only four runs. They got 13 hits from Lee, Adam Jones and Nick Markakis in that game and not one of those hits produced a run. They routinely squander no-out, multiple-base runner opportunities and seem incapable of putting pressure on vulnerable pitchers. They sorely miss Brian Roberts and now they have to wait and see how long Scott will need to recover from the middle-back spasms that left him looking very uncomfortable after the game. Showalter can't explain it, but he wondered on Saturday whether some of his hitters are just letting the gravity of the team's offensive problems weigh them down at the plate. "Sometimes, the more emphasis you put on it … the more it is brought to light … maybe there is anxiety in those RBI situations," he said. "Right now, I take some positives out of creating those situations, but there are two parts to that equation — getting them out there and getting them in." In other words, the Orioles are teetering, but the events of the past week make you wonder if things really could go either way. Right now, this team seems to be pointed decidedly in the wrong direction. "It's frustrating," Scott said. "It's hard to express in words, but tomorrow is another day. We need to focus on the opportunities that are ahead of us." That's a good thought, but the way things are going at the moment, the Orioles have reason to be wary of what tomorrow will bring. peter.schmuck@baltsun.com Listen to Peter Schmuck on "The Week in Review" on Friday's at noon on WBAL (1090AM) and WBAL.com. Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles get positive news from Guthrie's MRIStarter has muscle strain in back, could make next startJune 18, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunWASHINGTON — — The Orioles got some rare good news on the injury front Friday as starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie was diagnosed with a muscle strain in his back after an MRI and a consultation with team orthopedist Dr. John Wilckens. "This was about as good as one could have hoped," said Andy MacPhail, the Orioles' president of baseball operations. "It's good news. He's still in line potentially, no sure thing, to make his next start. So we will just see how it responds in the next two days." Guthrie, who left Thursday's outing after five innings because of back soreness, is in line to start Tuesday's game against the Pittsburgh Pirates. If he is unable to, Orioles manager Buck Showalter said, either long reliever Jason Berken will make that start or the club will summon a starter from Triple-A Norfolk. var adSkipCounter = 0;  With off days Thursday and June 27, the Orioles also have the option of juggling the rotation and possibly pushing back Guthrie. But the important news is that it doesn't appear -- as of now -- that Guthrie will need to go to the disabled list. "I think the results that we got back today were best-case scenario," said Guthrie, who is 2-8 with a 3.56 ERA in 15 outings (14 starts for the Orioles). "When you have to come out of a game, there's always a concern. But I was hopeful it would be something you can work through. "I have no idea what they have to do to make the roster work, but Dr. Wilckens said that it could be something that is gone in a couple of days or it's going to take a little longer than that. It's really going to depend on how the body responds." Showalter sounded less optimistic that Guthrie would be able to make Tuesday's start and said he and MacPhail have already discussed contingency plans. "We're obviously going to need a starter on Tuesday. Somebody that is here who is capable of doing it is Berken, but that means that you have to stay away from him," Showalter said. "I think it's kind of a work in progress to see what the needs are as far as Berken is concerned. Andy's got it wired about some things that we could do as early as tomorrow if we have to. But we have to get our arms around and get a feel for where Jeremy is today." Bergesen, Davis called up While the Orioles are seemingly willing to give Guthrie a couple of days before considering moving the starter to the disabled list, they did some roster juggling after Friday's game. Right-handed starter Brad Bergesen and utility infielder Blake Davis have both been officially recalled. Bergesen is 2-1 with a 1.64 ERA in three starts for the Tides after he was optioned May 28. He went 1-6 with a 5.36 ERA in 10 outings (nine starts) for the Orioles earlier this season. He'll likely be used as a long man and then become one of the main candidates to start Tuesday if Guthrie is unable to go. Davis, 27, was hitting .284 with five homers and 24 RBIs in 49 games for Norfolk. The versatile infielder takes the roster spot of young second baseman Ryan Adams, whom the Orioles returned to Triple-A so he can play every day. Adams has started just six games for the Orioles, batting .227 with an RBI. Double-A Bowie left-hander Pedro Viola, who is 3-1 with a 1.50 ERA and two saves in 20 appearances for the Baysox this season, joined the club Friday, but he was an insurance policy if Guthrie had to go on the disabled list. When the club learned that Guthrie's injury wasn't severe, Viola was returned to Bowie. Guerrero takes a seat Showalter met with Vladimir Guerrero on the flight from Toronto on Thursday night and explained how he plans to use the veteran with the Orioles playing six consecutive games in National League parks without a designated hitter. While Showalter didn't divulge the plan to reporters, it's pretty clear that Guerrero might get some extended time on the bench over the next week. "I wouldn't rule it out completely," Showalter said when asked about Guerrero's playing the outfield. "I'm not going to say that there isn't any situation where we wouldn't play him in the field, but tonight, obviously, he's a really good pinch hitter for us coming off the bench. Sometimes the game takes the choice part out of it, but there are some positives to be gained on both sides of it. I tried to give him a day here and there. I knew these six days were coming and there was going to be a time that he'd get a little refresher, so to speak." Some around baseball have complained vehemently about interleague play. Neither Showalter or MacPhail did so Friday, but both made it clear that the road games against National League clubs put the Orioles at a disadvantage because they lose their cleanup hitter.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
