4 The O’s (5-1) head into a tough series against the Rangers (6-0) on a great win last night.  However, the Rangers are on fire, still undefeated, and really good. Can the O’s prove to be a tough team and get at least a win out of this series? Let’s take a look.Pitching Match-UpsFriday April 8Orioles- Zach Britton, he was called up from the minors last Saturday to pitch against the Rays due to Matusz being put on the DL.  He pitched 6 innings allowing only 3 hits and 1 run with a 1.50 ERA and he got the win.  To me, he is looking to be the O’s ace in the next few years.Rangers- Colby Lewis, so far this season he pitched 6 innings allowing 6 hits and 3 runs with a 4.50 ERA.  Last year, he went 12-13 with a 3.72 ERA.Saturday April 9Orioles- Jake Arrieta, in his first game this season he pitched 6 innings allowing 6 hits but only one run.  Last year, he went 6-6 with a 4.66 ERA.Rangers- Matt Harrison, in his first game of the season, he pitched 7 innings and only allowed one run on 5 hits.  Last year, he went 3-2 with a 4.71 ERA.  This looks to be a very good pitching match-up!Sunday April 10Orioles- This is tricky.  Guthrie is scheduled to start and should be able to so I’m going to assume he is.  When he pitched opening night against the Rays, he had a brilliant game pitching 8 innings allowing 3 hits but no runs.Rangers- Derek Holland, he’s pitched for 6 innings this season giving up 7 hits and 3 runs.Last year he went 3-4 with a 4.08 ERA.Who’s Hot/Who’s ColdHot Orioles:Well, this is tough. There’s a lot of them because of last night.Brian Roberts, he has 8 RBIs, two 3-run homers, and has been on base in every game of the season (5 out of 6 games he has a hit).Vlad Guerrero hit his first home run last night as well as hitting an RBI single.Adam Jones has had a slow start, but he’s coming alive.  Last night he hit a 2-run homer as well as scoring another run.Hot Rangers:Pretty much all of them.  The lowest amount of runs they have scored in a game has been 3 whereas their highest number of runs scored in a game is 12.Nelson Cruz is batting .350 right now and has 4 home runs from his first 4 games already on the season.Cold Orioles:Matt Wieters didn’t get on base at all last night, despite having a pretty good start to the season.  Derrek Lee, though he hit his first home run Wednesday, he’s only batting .182.  Lee needs to up his On Base Percentage (.280) at the number 3 spot so Guerrero can do his job at the clean-up spot.Cold Rangers:Adrian Beltre is only batting .125 right now and Josh Hamilton has yet to hit a home run this season even though he hit 32 last season.With all of that being said, this looks to be a very exciting series with two of the best teams in the American League so far.  The O’s look to hand the Rangers their first loss of the season and prevent them from going 7-0 (the last team to do this was the Rangers in 1996). 
3 View photosDetroit Tigers center fielder Austin Jackson leaps but is unable to catch a home run hit by Baltimore Orioles Vladimir Guerrero during the second inning of a baseball game Thursday, April 7, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreAdam Jones homered and drove in three runs, Mark Reynolds also had three RBIs, and the Baltimore Orioles used a five-run seventh inning to beat the Detroit Tigers 9-5 Thursday night.Vladimir Guerrero hit his first home run with the Orioles, who rebounded from deficits of 2-0, 4-2 and 5-4.Baltimore took two of three from the Tigers after opening the season with a three-game sweep in Tampa Bay. The Orioles didn't win their second series last year until May 13.Alex Avila homered for the Tigers, who host Kansas City on Friday after going 2-4 on the road to open the season.Baltimore sent 10 batters to the plate in the seventh. After Brian Roberts and Nick Markakis reached against Brad Thomas (0-1), Guerrero singled in a run off Enrique Gonzalez and Jones hit a sacrifice fly for a 6-5 lead. Reynolds followed with a two-run double and Cesar Izturis capped the uprising with an RBI single. 
3 View photosDetroit Tigers pitcher Enrique Gonzales walks to the dugout after giving up four runs to the Baltimore Orioles during the seventh inning of a baseball game Thursday, April 7, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreThe Detroit Tigers couldn't pack their bags fast enough after ending their opening road trip with a disappointing defeat.The Tigers received another lackluster performance from their pitching staff Thursday night in a 9-5 loss to the Baltimore Orioles, a setback that left Detroit with a 2-4 record and took a bit of the luster off Friday's long-awaited home opener against Kansas City."We were looking to get home at .500 and we had a shot at that tonight and we let it get away," Tigers manager Jim Leyland said. "We played six games and we're 2-4. That's what we deserve to be. (Friday), we'll try to make it 3-4. If we pitch well, we'll have a shot."Detroit headed home with a staff ERA of 7.02. After starter Brad Penny failed to get through the sixth inning, three relievers were touched for five runs in the pivotal seventh inning.Alex Avila homered for the Tigers, who blew leads of 2-0, 4-2 and 5-4."This team battled and we had a chance to win that game," Penny said. "I let it go in the sixth and it kind of snowballed from there. This team is going to hit. Once we start pitching, it's going to be a fun year."Adam Jones homered and drove in three runs, Mark Reynolds also had three RBIs, and Vladimir Guerrero hit his first homer as a member of the Orioles."Anybody on any given night can be a hero," said Jones, who came in batting .105. "Tonight Guerrero had two RBIs, I had a few and Reynolds had a few. ... Just imagine if all nine of us are doing it in one night."Baltimore took two of three from the Tigers after opening the season with a three-game sweep in Tampa Bay. The Orioles didn't win their second series last year until May 13 and didn't capture consecutive series until after manager Buck Showalter arrived in August.Baltimore sent 10 batters to the plate in the seventh. After Brian Roberts and Nick Markakis reached against Brad Thomas (0-1), Guerrero singled in a run off Enrique Gonzalez and Jones hit a sacrifice fly for a 6-5 lead. Reynolds followed with a two-run double and Cesar Izturis capped the uprising with an RBI single.Jim Johnson (1-0) pitched 1 2-3 innings of one-hit relief for Baltimore.Avila, who had a homer and four RBIs on Wednesday night, again played a starring role for the Tigers. Besides hitting a fifth-inning homer, he began the seventh with a walk off Jeremy Accardo and scored on Austin Jackson's double to left to put Detroit up 5-4.The lead quickly vanished in the bottom half.After throwing six innings of no-hit ball on Saturday at Tampa Bay, Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up four runs and six hits over 4 2-3 innings in his follow-up performance. The contrast was evident at the outset, when Jackson, Detroit's leadoff hitter, got the first of four singles in a two-run first."This is a guy who didn't give up a hit in his last start," Leyland said. "I thought we did a pretty good job on him. One more killer blow there, another base hit (in the first inning), might have changed things. We still had our shot. We had a 2-0 lead and a 4-2 lead."Baltimore pulled even in the second. After Guerrero homered to straightaway center, Jones beat out a bunt, stole second and scored on a single by Reynolds.The Tigers went up 4-2 with a two-run fifth. Avila got it started with a drive over the right-field wall, Will Rhymes walked with two outs and Brennan Boesch chased Tillman with a double to right-center.In the Baltimore sixth, Luke Scott doubled with one out and Jones followed with his first home run of the season to chase Penny.NOTES: Baltimore's original lineup had Felix Pie in LF and J.J. Hardy at SS. But Scott (groin) returned from a three-game absence to replace Pie, and Izturis was a late sub for Hardy, who felt tightness in his lower left rib cage. ... Detroit placed RHP Ryan Perry (eye infection) on the 15-day DL, retroactive to April 5, and recalled RHP Robbie Weinhardt from Triple-A Toledo. ... The Orioles pulled off a rare 8-9 out on the scorecard when a liner by Martinez bounced out of Jones' glove and was snagged by Markakis. Umpires didn't see the ball hit the wall before Markakis latched on. 
