3 View photosWashington Nationals' Ryan Zimmerman looks at the scoreboard after striking out against Baltimore Orioles closer Koji Uehara during the eighth inning of a baseball game in Washington, Sunday, June 19, 2011. The Orioles won 7-4. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)MoreWASHINGTON (AP) — Shoddy defense ended Washington's eight-game winning streak.The Nationals tied a season high with three errors and the Baltimore Orioles took advantage Sunday, halting Washington's longest winning streak since June 2005 with a 7-4 victory.Second baseman Danny Espinosa made an error in the ninth inning Thursday, snapping a franchise-record streak of 130 2-3 innings without a miscue. But by Sunday, that run was long forgotten."We know we were sloppy today, and that's the reason we lost," Nationals third baseman Ryan Zimmerman said. "You don't deserve to win games when you play like that."In his first start since May 23, Tom Gorzelanny (2-5) allowed five runs — four earned — in 4 2-3 innings. He gave up 10 hits.Gorzelanny had been on the disabled list with inflammation in his left elbow, and wasn't very effective."I had a lot of energy out there. I was leaving balls up," he said. "I went back and looked at everything and saw that every ball that was hit was about waist-high. You can't be successful throwing pitchers like that. I've got to make an adjustment."While Gorzelanny was on the DL, Washington used Yunesky Maya in his place. With an 0-1 record and a 6.86 ERA in four starts, Maya was sent back to the minors on Thursday.Nationals manager Jim Riggleman was hoping for better from his veteran left-hander."He normally strikes people out. He didn't have that going for him today, so he was going to have to get a double play or get a ball hit at somebody because he didn't have his strikeout stuff," Riggleman said.Mark Reynolds had three hits, including a home run, for the Orioles. J.J. Hardy also homered and Craig Tatum drove in two runs to back starter Chris Jakubauskas (2-0), who pitched five innings and got his first two major league hits. He allowed three runs and six hits, striking out six and walking one.Jim Johnson worked two scoreless innings out of the bullpen. Koji Uehara pitched two innings and allowed a run."It's been a good stretch," Riggleman said. "We put things together there for a couple of weeks and continued to play good."Baltimore's Derrek Lee had two more hits to finish 9 for 13 in the three-games series. He went 5 for 5 on Friday and had hits in his first two at-bats Saturday.The Orioles, who had lost six of seven, scored their most runs since putting up nine on May 25.Baltimore and Washington split six games this season."It was a big win for us," Lee said. "Now we have a chance to go to Pittsburgh and kind of turn it around. We've lost two series on this trip, and now if we go up there and get this series, it makes it not such a bad trip."Lee scored Baltimore's first run in the second when Tatum bounced into a double play.In the third, Hardy hit a long shot to center off Gorzelanny that landed on the grass beyond the wall. That made it 2-0.Reynolds doubled with one out in the fourth and scored on Tatum's single for a 3-0 lead.The Nationals scored two runs in the fourth off Jakubauskas on back-to-back RBI doubles by Michael Morse and Espinosa.In the fifth, the Orioles scored two more off Gorzelanny on an RBI single by Adam Jones and a run-scoring double by Lee. Jakubauskas led off the inning with a single — his first major league hit — but was thrown out when he tried to score on Hardy's double. He added his second single with two outs in the sixth.Roger Bernadina, who had three hits, homered in the fifth to cut Baltimore's lead to 5-3.Reynolds made it 6-3 on his 13th home run of the year off Todd Coffey leading off the sixth."We made errors in the first two games and they took advantage, and we took advantage today," Reynolds said. "Anytime a team gives you extra outs, it's tough to win. Today, we took advantage of it and we were able to score some runs."Tatum's sacrifice fly in the eighth gave Baltimore a 7-3 lead.Espinosa's 13th home run of the season in the ninth made it 7-4.NOTES: To make room for Gorzelanny, the Nationals placed OF Rick Ankiel on the 15-day disabled list with a strain of his left intercostal. ... Baltimore OF Luke Scott missed the game with back spasms. ... Orioles 2B Brian Roberts, on the DL since May 17 with a concussion, will meet the team in Pittsburgh on Monday and be re-evaluated Tuesday. ... Jones recorded his eighth outfield assist — best in the major leagues — when he threw out Zimmerman at second base in the first inning. ... Orioles RF Nick Markakis has hit in 10 straight games. ... The Nationals tied a season high with four double plays. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles get good news on injury frontMatusz, Scott, Guthrie improving; Roberts to work out with teamJune 19, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunWASHINGTON — Perhaps it's just a small victory in a long season, but the Orioles left Nationals Park on Sunday without placing anyone on the disabled list. The Orioles lost two players to injury Saturday afternoon and their staff leader Thursday, but it looks like all three will avoid DL stints. Left-hander Brian Matusz, who was forced to leave Saturday's start with left hamstring cramps, said he was a little sore Sunday but he still believes he will be fine for his next start — which probably will be Friday. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "It feels good. It's a little sore today, but my mobility's really good. My flexibility's there. It's just a little sore from the cramping," Matusz said. "I don't sense that there's going to be a serious problem." Left fielder Luke Scott, who left Saturday's game with back spasms, was unavailable to play Sunday but said his condition had improved. "I am feeling better," Scott said. "I am going to do some more treatments on it. Shut down for a day and hopefully be ready [Monday]." Right-hander Jeremy Guthrie (upper back strain) threw a light bullpen session Sunday, and manager Buck Showalter said he expected Guthrie to make his scheduled start Tuesday. "It went well today," Showalter said of Guthrie's side session. "He told me it looks like 90 percent, and we'll make the final call [Monday] and see how he feels from the throwing he did [Sunday]." Showalter also said second baseman Brian Roberts (concussion) will join the team Monday in Pittsburgh and "work out a little bit with us" before his Tuesday visit with sports concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins. Russell heads back to Pittsburgh Orioles third base coach John Russell will head back to Pittsburgh this week for the first time since being fired by the Pirates as manager at the end of last season. He said he still has plenty of friends there and expected to have dinner Sunday night with the doctor who delivered his son. "I spent three years as a coach and three years as a manager; you meet a lot of people," Russell said. "So you're looking forward to that." In Russell's three seasons leading the Pirates, they were 186-299 and finished last in the National League Central each season. He said he wasn't sure how he would be received by Pirates fans. "A lot of the people in Pittsburgh that knew what we were doing were very pleased with what was going on. You're always going to have the people that aren't going to be satisfied. So I'll get some mixed feelings, I guess, from the fans," Russell said. "There's a lot of people there I like and enjoy being around, the city's great and the stadium's beautiful. I'm just on the other side this time. I'm sure there will be some people that will heckle me a little bit, to say the least." Alphabet soup Sunday marked the third time in five weeks that the last names of a game's starting pitchers totaled at least 21 letters, according to Stats LLC. Chris Jakubauskas faced the Washington Nationals' Tom Gorzelanny. Jakubauskas also pitched against the Toronto Blue Jays' Carlos Villanueva on Tuesday. On May 14, the Arizona Diamondbacks' Josh Collmenter and Los Angeles Dodgers' Chad Billingsley also combined for 21 letters. You have to go back to April 12, 2010, according to Stats, for a longer combination: 23 letters (and one hyphen) when the Seattle Mariners' Ryan Rowland-Smith faced the Oakland Athletics' Justin Duchscherer. Around the horn Center fielder Adam Jones threw out Ryan Zimmerman, who was attempting to stretch a single into a double, in the first inning. It was Jones' eighth outfield assist this season, which leads all center fielders. … Jakubauskas became the first Orioles pitcher with two hits in a game since Erik Bedard did it against the Nationals at RFK Stadium on May 20, 2007. It has been accomplished 130 times in Orioles history. … Sunday's national anthem was performed on a bat-olin — a baseball bat rigged to be a violin — by Glenn Donnellan. Almost as impressive, Orioles fans, not thrown off by the bizarre instrument, managed to still scream "O" with aplomb. dan.connolly@baltsun.com twitter.com/danconnollysun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
