3 View photosBaltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter watches the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Wednesday, July 6, 2011, in Arlington, Texas. The Orioles lost 13-5 in the three-game sweep by the Rangers. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)MoreARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles finished up a terrible series in Texas with another disappointing loss. Now, they travel to Boston for a four-game set.Talk about a challenging road trip.Jeremy Guthrie got off to a rough start and never recovered as Baltimore lost 13-5 to the Rangers on Wednesday night.Derrek Lee and Vladimir Guerrero homered for the Orioles, who have lost eight of their last nine games. They dropped to 1-5 on the 10-game trip to Atlanta, Texas and Boston that takes them up to the All-Star break.Texas finished with 19 hits and outscored Baltimore 30-11 in the series."I would have loved to pitch better," Guthrie said. "I didn't have a good outing. Start to finish, I really struggled and had to work harder than I needed to. We've got to lick our wounds, forget about this series and have a better one in Boston."Guthrie (3-11) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings while taking over the AL lead in losses. Four of the runs came in the first inning.Guthrie got into trouble early when the first three Texas hitters reached, two via walks. Adrian Beltre's sacrifice fly got the scoring underway. Michael Young's RBI double and Nelson Cruz's two-run single made it 4-0.Baltimore pushed across two runs in the second when Matt Wieters doubled and scored on Lee's seventh homer, a 420-foot drive onto the grass hill behind the center-field fence.But in the fifth, Beltre's RBI double and Young's run-scoring single extended the lead to 6-2."(The Rangers) are playing at a high level, but it's more about us, not them," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "It's about us not executing some things that we're not happy about. We're gonna have to do better."It's about all phases of the game, not just pitching. We've got to do better. It's something I and we are aware of. We got what we deserve. We didn't do a lot of things well this series."Guthrie has suffered from a lack of run support this season, but he had a rough performance against Texas."I struggled for a feel in the first inning. Those two walks were a tough way to start off," Guthrie said. "We haven't done what it takes to win. Baseball's pretty complicated. You have to do a lot of things well to win. Unfortunately, we're short in a lot of areas. In this stretch, we're not playing very well."Guerrero, who hadn't had an extra base hit in 34 at-bats since June 16, helped the Rangers reach the World Series last season, and he received an ovation from the crowd as he circled the bases on his solo homer in the seventh.The Orioles had few answers for Alexi Ogando (9-3), who snapped a tie with Colby Lewis and C.J. Wilson for the Rangers lead in wins and positioned himself for a possible All-Star invitation. The right-hander allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings.Ogando wasn't chosen by his manager, AL skipper Ron Washington, for the original All-Star staff, but he has a chance to be a late selection because so many of the AL pitchers take the mound on Sunday.Mike Napoli hit a three-run homer to help the Rangers break it open with a four-run seventh. Young and Cruz also had three RBIs apiece for Texas, which moved back into sole possession of first place with the help of Detroit's 5-4 win over the Los Angeles Angels earlier Wednesday.Elvis Andrus had four hits and Young scored twice, giving him 958 runs for his career, tying Rafael Palmeiro for the team record.NOTES: The Orioles fell a season-low 12 games under .500. ... Baltimore pitchers have allowed four or more runs in 14 straight games, the longest such streak in the majors this season and the longest by the Orioles since a 14-gamer in 2001. ... Showalter said RHP Mitch Atkins' performance on Tuesday night against Texas in his first major league start (one run and eight hits in six innings) probably was good enough to earn him a second start on Sunday at Boston. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Showalter gives angry speech to OriolesManager tells team after Wednesday's loss that poor play has to endJuly 07, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunBOSTON — Orioles manager Buck Showalter has spoken to his team on several occasions this season, but none of the speeches was as harsh or intense as the one he delivered late Wednesday night. After the Orioles' 13-5 loss to the Texas Rangers, which completed a three-game series sweep and was the team's 11th defeat in 14 games, Showalter closed the clubhouse and challenged his players to increase their effort and execution. "That's probably as angry as I've seen him, but it's deserved," catcher Matt Wieters said. "We have been playing very poorly and very inconsistently for quite a while now. It's time to go out there and make it happen." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Showalter downplayed the meeting, saying he talks to his players regularly. He also wouldn't comment on what prompted his latest speech. "I said some things, and we had a little talk about them," Showalter said. "I'm not going to tell you what was said — just keep the lines of what's on everybody's mind open." The Orioles were outscored 30-11 by the American League West-leading Rangers, but their struggles go beyond the series in Arlington, Texas. Since entering the June 11 game with a 30-31 record, the Orioles are 6-17. During that stretch, they have a 5.91 ERA, are batting .184 (35-for-190) with runners in scoring position and have made 18 errors in 23 games, leading to 13 unearned runs. "I think it's just inconsistency from everybody," center fielder Adam Jones said. "I'm not going to blame it specifically on the pitching, defense, hitting. It's the team. We're all one. When it comes to men in scoring position, we have to execute. When it comes to getting that big out, we have to get that big out. We need to make that big play. I know that we have that here. It's just a matter of going out and doing it. It's like preaching to the choir. We all know what we have to do. It's just a matter of going out and doing it." Asked whether he felt Showalter's stern talk was necessary, Jones said: "Personally, I don't think it should have had to come down to that, but sometimes you need a kick in the [butt] to go out there and do what you got to do. He just wants everybody to go out there and play as hard as we can." Jones and several other players said Showalter's basic message was that the Orioles' recent play is unacceptable and needs to end soon. "He said that he's not going to sit there and watch this, and I don't blame him," Jones said. "He came here to do a job, and I'd say that he's doing a good job. But we, as players, have to do it. His playing days are over. Our coaches, their playing days are over. As players right now, we have to go out there, step up and get the job done." Wieters agreed and said: "I think we have the pieces in place to play better. I don't know if we're focused enough or what. But there's no more 'do this, do that.' It has to be 'whatever it takes to win.'" South Beach it is Jones had made plans to spend the All-Star break in South Beach, Fla., but he would have been more than happy to change them if it meant joining the AL All-Star team for Tuesday's game at the Arizona Diamondbacks' Chase Field. He won't have to. Jones learned Thursday that the Chicago White Sox's Paul Konerko won the "Final Vote," which gave fans the opportunity to select the final player on each All-Star team. Jones finished fourth out of five AL competitors in the voting. That leaves Wieters as the Orioles' lone All-Star representative, the 10th time in 11 years that the team will have had only one player in the game. "I'm very thankful to be in the final five," Jones said. "Konerko is very deserving, I think everybody on the list was deserving, but I think he was one of the most deserving guys in all of baseball. So I will enjoy my three days off." Simon, Atkins likely to start Showalter stopped short of naming his rotation plans for the weekend, acknowledging that they could change depending on how much the bullpen is needed in the first two games of the Boston Red Sox series. However, the plan is for Alfredo Simon to start Saturday and Mitch Atkins to get the ball in Sunday's first-half finale. "We got the possibilities that we told you about," Showalter said. "We'll see how we come through the bullpen the next couple of nights. We got Simon, Atkins, some other guys in the bullpen that we can possibly use. They may pitch out of the bullpen, too, but we'll see how the next couple of games go." Simon would be making his first start of the season in place of struggling right-hander Chris Jakubauskas, who has a 6.75 ERA in 11 games (six starts), and managed to get only six outs against the Rangers in his last outing. The club considered bringing back Jeremy Guthrie on three days' rest to start Sunday, but Showalter said, "I don't think that's a good idea." Around the horn Second baseman Brian Roberts said via Twitter that he has taken some swings in the batting cage the past couple of days and continues to make progress. Roberts is scheduled to see concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins on Wednesday. … Showalter said infielder Cesar Izturis (right elbow surgery) is progressing and could start a rehabilitation assignment after the All-Star break and be back with the club before the end of the month. … Wieters stole the first base of his major league career in Thursday's first inning. … Rehabbing pitchers Matt Hobgood and Ryan Berry will join short-season Single-A Aberdeen early next week. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
