1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Who are the Orioles' biggest chips for the trade deadline?July 05, 2011|By Matt VenselOh, the mediocre have fallen. The Orioles, who a month ago were staying somewhat relevant and hanging around in the AL East, now have the second-worst record in the American League and are a dozen games behind the Red Sox in the wild-card standings. So now besides next week’s All-Star Game, where Orioles catcher Matt Wieters will get his moment in the spotlight, the next important date on the calendar is July 31. That’s Major League Baseball’s non-waiver trade deadline, and the Orioles’ latest midseason swoon has removed any doubt about whether they will be sellers four weeks from now. That’s probably a good thing for management because if the Orioles were still in contention, fans would be clamoring for the team to be buyers at the deadline, which would have been foolish during a half-completed roster reconstruction. Here comes the bad news for the soon-to-be-selling Orioles: They don’t have many trade chips in their stack, and the ones that have real value are the ones they will likely be clinging to with a clenched fist. Here is a look at six realistic Orioles trade candidates -- so not including near-untouchables like Wieters and Zach Britton -- who would garner the most in a trade (whether the team is willing to send them packing is another story): var adSkipCounter = 0; 1. J.J. Hardy: The Orioles are trying to negotiate a contract extension with Hardy, a free agent at season’s end, but if they don’t make significant progress by late July, the Orioles might be forced to trade him while they can still get value for him -- and with the way he has been playing, Hardy is their most valuable trade chip.2. Mark Reynolds: Reynolds has been one of the hottest players in baseball over the past five weeks. He leads the major leagues with 13 home runs since June 1, including five already in July. If the Orioles were willing to trade their third baseman, they would have suitors who would love to put up with his subpar defense at the hot corner. But he is under contract through 2012 with an option for the 2013 season, so count on the Orioles keeping him.3. Jeremy Guthrie: Guthrie is enduring another faith-testing, soul-searching season in Baltimore. He is tied for the major-league lead with 10 losses despite a respectable 3.93 ERA, and there are some who feel he might benefit from a change of scenery. Guthrie would be a very good third or fourth starter for contenders outside of Philadelphia, but it’s going to take a lot for the Orioles to give up this respected veteran.4. Koji Uehara: I’m singling out Koji, one of my favorite Orioles, here because the 36-year-old reliever will have no role in the rebuilding effort, but fellow relievers Jim Johnson and Kevin Gregg could be dangled as trade bait, too. Uehara is a pending free agent, and most contending teams could use a pitcher like him in the bullpen. Unfortunately, setup guys don’t have much value, especially ones with durability issues.5. Luke Scott: Back in April, I thought there was a good chance the Orioles would trade Luke Scott before the trade deadline because his streaky bat could change a playoff race and because the Orioles had Felix Pie and Nolan Reimold stuck behind him on the depth chart, but now Scott is headed to the disabled list with that torn labrum in his shoulder. It doesn’t look like many teams will be calling about Luke this year.6. Derrek Guerrero: I’m going to lump Derrek Lee and Vladimir Guerrero, two buzz-worthy free agent signings this winter, in together because they have both seen their production fall off of a cliff in their old age. Lee has a little value because he is still a good fielder, but not Guerrero, who unfortunately might be the slowest singles hitter in baseball. These two won’t be as desirable as we had all hoped when we drew up our worst-case scenarios for the Orioles before the season. Keep your expectations low here.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Chris Jakubauskas throws to the Texas Rangers in the first inning of a baseball game, Monday, July 4, 2011, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jim Cowsert)MoreARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Buck Showalter and the Baltimore Orioles are already having to go with Plan B in the manager's return to Texas.Alfredo Simon, who had slated as a possible starter in the second game of the series, was forced instead to throw 4 1-3 innings in the opener Monday night after Chris Jakubauskas lasted only 13 batters in a 13-4 loss to the Rangers."He didn't have command and much crispness. He's not a guy who's going to overmatch with pure stuff," Showalter said of Jakubauskas. "They centered up a lot of balls and you're going to have some problems with those mistakes."The right-hander was done after he walked Josh Hamilton to start the third and Adrian Beltre followed with his 16th homer, a shot that just cleared the 14-foot wall in left for a 6-2 lead.Simon then gave up six runs and nine hits.The Orioles likely will call up right-hander Mitch Atkins from Triple-A Norfolk to make his first start in the majors Tuesday night. Atkins, 2-3 with a 3.11 ERA in eight starts for the Tides this season, made seven relief appearances for the Chicago Cubs in 2009 and 2010.Mark Reynolds homered twice for Baltimore, giving him six in five games and 20 for the season. He also had a two-homer game Saturday in Atlanta.Reynolds put the Orioles up 2-0 when he homered in the second after Vladimir Guerrero was hit by a pitch.But Texas then scored four times off Jakubauskas (2-2) in the bottom of the second, when Michael Young had a leadoff single before scoring on David Murphy's RBI single. Yorvit Torrealba followed with a double to deep center before No. 9 hitter Endy Chavez pulled a pitch 383 feet down the right-field line for two-run homer."It's easy to jump on stuff when it's right down Broadway, thigh high. I had a little trouble keeping the ball down. It's frustrating because I felt good going in," Jakubauskas said. "But I was missing in the wrong spot. This is the wrong park to be pitching at thigh level. The ball jumps out of here. This is probably the worst start I've had all year. I'm not happy with it, especially having to burn two guys out of the bullpen early."Jakubauskas is 1-5 with a 9.53 ERA in seven career road starts.Young greeted Simon with a single and a few batters later Chavez had a two-run double for his first four-RBI game since June 10, 2003, while playing for Montreal at Seattle, to make it 8-2.J.J. Hardy hit a solo shot in the seventh for the Orioles off Lewis (8-7) before Reynolds went deep again in the eighth, this time off Darren O'Day."I've been able to hit pitchers' mistakes," Reynolds said. "(The Rangers) are swinging the bats real well. We couldn't quite keep up with them. We've got to match them hit for hit and run for run, and we didn't tonight. ... It's tough, but at the same time, you've got to keep playing, no matter what the score is."Guerrero, who hit .300 with 29 homers and 115 RBIs in 152 games for Texas last season, was 0 for 1 while being hit by the pitch and walking twice."Mark had another big night, Vladdy was on base three times, but we were out of it pretty early," Showalter said.Lewis won his third straight decision over his last four starts, allowing three runs on a pair of homers over seven innings. The right-hander struck out four and walked three on the ninth anniversary of his first major league victory.Showalter, who still has a house in the Dallas area where both of his children attend college, managed a game at Rangers Ballpark for the first time since he was fired in Texas after the 2006 season. His four years with the Rangers included a memorable 2004 season when they were in playoff contention until the final week of the regular season.Just like the Yankees and Diamondbacks did after Showalter managed them, the Rangers made it to the World Series after he was gone. New York and Arizona won the World Series the very next season after he left, while Texas finally won its first AL pennant last year before losing the World Series in five games to San Francisco.Notes: Baltimore starters have 6.98 ERA over the last 20 games. ... Lewis has allowed an AL-high 22 homers. ... Reynolds also had two strikeouts, increasing his season total to 86. ... Beltre was waiting to hit in the sixth when he fell on his butt scampering to get out of the way of a bat that slipped out of Hamilton's hands on a swing at the plate and flew toward him. Both were smiling when Hamilton retrieved the bat, then pointed to the actual on-deck circle several feet away from where Beltre was. Hamilton also lost the grip of a bat that ended up in the stands in the third. Nobody was hurt. ... Beltre has 16 homers, 13 coming at Rangers Ballpark. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Your turn: Should Wieters have been the Orioles' lone All-Star?July 05, 2011|By Matt VenselMatt Wieters' selection to next week’s All-Star Game was sweet, sweet redemption for the young catcher, who was labeled as one of the biggest busts in baseball history by Baseball Prospectus before the start of the season -- just his third in the major leagues. That claim was met with criticism in Birdland and beyond, and the Orioles backstop has proved that the rumors of his looming mediocrity were greatly exaggerated. Baseball Prospectus’ belief at the time -- the writer’s name was Steven Goldman -- was that Wieters was never going to be a good enough hitter to live up to the hype that met him when he arrived in the major leagues. But his development behind the plate has been a revelation, and he has quickly transformed into one of baseball’s best defensive catchers. Wieters might not be hitting like Joe Mauer, but he has been no slouch at the plate. He is batting .262 with seven homers and 33 RBIs. He’s hitting .418 with runners in scoring position. Wieters shouldn’t expect a written apology from the respected baseball publication -- Baseball Prospectus has some wiggle room if Wieters doesn’t become a superstar -- but it’s clear that Wieters will be no bust. var adSkipCounter = 0;  But Wieters was the best choice to represent the Orioles in the All-Star Game? That’s a tough call. Adam Jones had one heck of a first half at the plate and in center field, and J.J. Hardy’s numbers rank among the American League’s best at shortstop. You can make a good argument for each of those players, but you can’t justify giving the last-place Orioles multiple All-Star spots unless they are slam-dunk selections, which they are not. (Jones still has a shot at making it in the MLB Final Vote -- you can vote a bunch of times here -- but he is trailing White Sox first baseman Paul Konerko with two days left in the voting.) Wieters certainly deserves this honor, and it probably won’t be his last All-Star Game, but if you feel like making a case for Jones or Hardy -- or maybe even Jim Johnson or Koji Uehara -- go ahead.Your turn: Should Wieters have been the Orioles’ lone All-Star? If not Wieters, then which Orioles player was most deserving, or should the Orioles have gotten multiple representatives?     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter watches his team during batting practice prior to a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Monday, July 4, 2011, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jim Cowsert)MoreARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Buck Showalter helped give the Texas Rangers a glimpse of what they hoped to become when they stayed in playoff contention until an 11-inning loss during the final week of the 2004 season.The Rangers finally made it to the World Series after he was gone, the same way the New York Yankees and then-expansion Arizona Diamondbacks had done after Showalter managed them.Now in the year after the Rangers won their first American League championship, for the first time since Showalter was fired by Texas after the 2006 season, he is again managing games at Rangers Ballpark. His Baltimore Orioles began their only Lone Star State visit this year with a 13-4 loss Monday night in the opener of a three-game series."I'm happy for them. Believe me, life's too short," said Showalter, who wasn't around for any of those pennant-winning seasons. "Things happen for a reason. Joe Torre was the perfect guy to take (the Yankees) to the next level. Ron Washington was the perfect fit for (the Rangers). You bring what you bring. ... I was just a piece of the process with the scouts and player development and all the things that go into it."Texas was stuck in a cycle of $100 million payrolls with last-place finishes when Showalter took over before the 2003 season. There had been proven superstars like Alex Rodriguez, Juan Gonzalez and Ivan Rodriguez in the lineup but no real sense of direction only a few years after the Rangers won three AL West titles over four seasons (1996-99) without winning a postseason series."Buck did a lot to bring credibility back to the franchise. It had been a bad few years, quite candidly," general manager Jon Daniels said Sunday. "The term at the time was kind of changing the culture, maybe got overused a little, but there was really something to that, and just kind of changing the eye level, so to speak, from the kind of expensive veterans to more homegrown young players."Showalter's first year was the rookie season for Mark Teixeira, the first of five consecutive 200-hit seasons for Michael Young and the last in Texas for A-Rod, who was the reigning AL MVP when traded the following spring to the Yankees only three years into his then-record $252 million, 10-year contract.The Rangers went 71-91 that season and finished in last place again. But after slashing payroll — among several moves being the trade of A-Rod and letting go of two-time AL MVP Gonzalez and 500-homer hitter Rafael Palmeiro — Texas won 89 games and finished only three games out of first place in that memorable turnaround."I look back at '04, it always brings a smile to my face," Young said. "That was probably the first year where I saw what this team and what this city should have. That was a fun year. At the time, that was the most fun I'd had in the big leagues."That finally was trumped last season, when the Rangers won the AL West and got to the World Series after winning the AL championship series in six games over the Yankees, the team that knocked them out of the playoffs each time in the 1990s.New York and Arizona both won the World Series the very next season after Showalter's departure. It took the Rangers a little bit longer to get there — though they lost in five games to San Francisco last fall — after Showalter was fired in 2006 after consecutive losing seasons."You've got to be on both sides of the mountain to understand how you get there. And how you don't get there," Showalter said. "I've been fortunate enough to be around people who get it and kind of get me."The only current Rangers who played for Showalter were Young, second baseman Ian Kinsler, All-Star pitcher C.J. Wilson, slugging outfielder Nelson Cruz and pitcher Scott Feldman."I definitely remember the presence that he had, and how prepared he was. He always had a reason why he was doing something," said Kinsler, whose rookie season was Showalter's last in Texas. "He gave me my chance in the big leagues and I'll always remember him for that."Daniels, who in 2005 became the youngest GM in major league history after being promoted from a Rangers assistant, hired Washington and kept making moves that would build a championship roster.One of the most significant deals was trading Teixeira before he became a free agent, a 2007 deadline deal that got shortstop Elvis Andrus, closer Neftali Feliz and left-hander Matt Harrison from Atlanta.Before becoming a seven-time All-Star, and the Rangers' career leader in hits and games played, Young was an up-and-coming player who was a constant in Showalter's lineup."As a young player, what you're looking for is to play and be productive, and Buck rolled us out," said Young, whose 159 games in 2005 were the fewest he played for Showalter. "I told him from the very beginning I didn't like off days, and as a young player, I was thankful that he respected that."Showalter, who still has a home in the Dallas area where both of his children attend college, returned to the dugout last August after being hired by the Orioles with a pledge to restore the luster of the once-proud franchise that has fallen on hard times. The process isn't really any different than it was in Texas, or anywhere else."Just trying to be a voice of reality. The best thing an organization can do is evaluate themselves honestly, knowing where your strengths and weaknesses are. Instead of coveting other players, you're better off spending time evaluating your people," Showalter said."Whatever my epitaph is one day, I'm OK with it. I'm real comfortable in my skin, with the way I treat people and the honest answers I give them," he said. "There's not a day goes by I don't realize how unbelievably fortunate I am to be doing what I'm doing."___AP freelancer Amy Jinkner-Lloyd in Atlanta contributed to this report. 
