0      Supported by    Magazine  The Phillies’ Four Aces  By PAT JORDANMARCH 31, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       The fantastic four, from left: Roy Halladay, Roy Oswalt, Cliff Lee and Cole Hamels.  Credit             Levon Biss for The New York Times            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  When I pitched in the minor leagues, we called it “stuff.” A pitcher’s currency. Hard stuff, breaking stuff, slow stuff, trick stuff. Trick stuff was Phil Niekro’s knuckleball. He won 318 major league games by digging his fingernails into the seams of a ball and throwing it toward the plate as if he were pushing open a door. Trying to hit his knuckleball was like swatting at a fly with a straw.Slow stuff was a changeup like Christy Mathewson’s famous “fadeaway,” which was said to dissolve — poof! — as the batter swung. Or Stu Miller’s slow, slower and slowest changeups. Batters swore Miller didn’t throw the ball — he just put it on his arm and let his pulse carry it to the plate.Breaking stuff included a curveball, a slider and a screwball, pitches that radically changed direction as they approached the plate. The greatest curveballs (from Sandy Koufax, Nolan Ryan, Bert Blyleven, John Smoltz) were thrown hard and broke almost straight down. The Unfair One is what pitches like that were called. They were unhittable. A slider was a “nickel” curve with a short, sharp, last-second break. The Hall of Famer Steve Carlton had a slider that mimicked his fastball until the batter began his swing, then the ball darted six inches off the plate. A screwball was a reverse curveball. If the arm motion behind a curveball is akin to a man gracefully sweeping a woman into his arm, then a screwball requires the opposite: the pushing away of an assailant. There have been few great screwball pitchers (Fernando Valenzuela, Warren Spahn, Tug McGraw) because it’s so hard to master such an unnatural arm motion. The greatest screwballer was Carl Hubbell, who in the 1934 All Star game struck out Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Jimmie Foxx, Al Simmons and Joe Cronin in succession. Hubbell’s left arm was so twisted that it hung by his side, his palm facing away from his body.Hard stuff was a fastball (Bob Feller, Sandy Koufax, Nolan Ryan) thrown near 100 m.p.h., and with movement. Koufax’s fastball seemed to rise from a batter’s waist to his eyes as the batter swung. Some great fastballs moved left, right, down — and some mediocre fastballs became great fastballs as they approached the plate and then, impossibly, seemed to pick up speed. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The greatest starting pitchers had at least one Unfair pitch, maybe two. Some great pitchers, like Whitey Ford and Spahn, never had an Unfair pitch but an assortment of excellent pitches instead.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The game has changed a lot since those days. But, as one pitching coach has said, “the game never changes to help pitchers.” That’s why today’s pitchers have been forced to evolve from predators to jackals. “Pitchers today don’t out-stuff hitters,” Buck Showalter, the Baltimore Orioles manager, says. Pitchers today are con men, pickpockets, masters of deception. Their weapons are small pitches: cutters, splitters, circle changeups.No team in baseball today has a greater number of successful deceptive pitchers than the Philadelphia Phillies. They have brought together four of the best starting pitchers in the game: Roy (Doc) Halladay, a 33-year-old two–time Cy Young Award winner; Cliff Lee, 32, and also a Cy Young winner; Roy Oswalt, 33, with 150 career wins; and the 27-year-old Cole Hamels, a World Series hero three years ago. Before they have even thrown one pitch for the same team, they are being hailed as the best four-man rotation in baseball, maybe the best ever. They are being compared with the great staffs in baseball history: the New York Yankees in the 1930s; the Cleveland Indians in 1954; the Orioles with their four 20-game winners in 1971; and the Atlanta Braves in the 1990s. As soon as Lee rejoined the team last December, the Phillies immediately became everyone’s favorite to win this year’s World Series. And necessity may push those expectations even higher now that the Phillies are dealing with injuries, most worryingly to their star second baseman and No. 3 hitter, Chase Utley, and must rely even more on their pitching. Photo       Armed: From left, Roy Oswalt, Roy Halladay, Cole Hamels, Cliff Lee.  Credit             Levon Biss for The New York Times           Last month I went to the Phillies’ spring-training camp in Clearwater, Fla., to see for myself how their star pitchers stacked up against my idols from back in the day. I went straight to Greg Casterioto, the media guy, for my credentials. He laid down the ground rules. I couldn’t approach any of them at their lockers, in the weight room or on the field until he had spoken to them about an interview. Not even to say hello. He said the three older pitchers were nonverbal and gruff because they felt talking about their pitching might jinx it. Halladay, in particular, was very focused, always in some psychic zone that excluded others. “He works out at 5 a.m. for five hours before practice,” Casterioto said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Every morning I checked the bulletin board to see who was throwing a bullpen session under the watchful eyes of Rich Dubee, the Phillies’ pitching coach. When Halladay’s name appeared, I asked Dubee what time Halladay would throw. “Whenever,” he said. Dubee had an ineffectual minor league career before becoming a pitching coach. He said the hardest part of his job was “to stay out of their way and not screw it up.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  I stood behind Halladay while he threw. Despite his size, 6-foot-6, 230 pounds, and his grizzled, unshaven face, he was less than fearsome. His father once said his son had the nature of an amiable golden retriever. But he throws like a vulture, all flapping arms and lunging body. His pitches hit the catcher’s mitt with the sound of a ball thrown into a bale of cotton. Halladay never throws a straight pitch that his catcher can catch flush or a batter can hit solidly. His cutter darts away from a right-handed hitter, his fastball has a little tail into a right-handed hitter and his sinker drops straight down. Unlike most pitchers, Halladay doesn’t throw directly at the corners of the plate. He aims at the middle and lets the pitches break left, right, or down off the plate. All his pitches look like strikes, until they aren’t.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Halladay regularly leads the majors in complete games, averaging greater than five a year. Which is an example of how far the bar has been lowered for greatness since back in the day. Spahn averaged 21 complete games a season from age 26 until he was 42 in 1963. Spahn also won 20 or more games in 13 seasons. Even more recent pitchers, like Jim Palmer, who was a part of that Orioles rotation in 1971, regularly completed 20 games per season. During one nine-year period, Palmer won 20 games eight times.Everyone I talked to said the same impressive things about Halladay. A pitching coach said, “On a good day Doc is dangerous, and on a bad day he’s still dangerous.” Palmer, who now works as a broadcaster for the Orioles, called Halladay “Greg Maddux with better stuff,” referring to the four-time Cy Young Award winner who pitched for the Braves in the ’90s. Ryan Howard, the Phillies’ slugging first baseman, told me, “Doc’s sinker is probably unhittable.” John Farrell, the manager for the Toronto Blue Jays, Halladay’s first team, said: “If he mistakenly throws a pitch over the middle, you can’t miss it. But then again, his pitches over the middle don’t end up over the middle.”The next morning I watched Hamels throw. He’s tall, 6-foot-3, but he looks soft, a surfer dude from San Diego with a shock of black hair falling over his handsome face. He has a decent four-seam fastball that doesn’t move much, but it has, according to Pat Gillick, the former general manager of the Blue Jays and Phillies, “a late giddyap.” His curveball, without an abrupt break, is merely adequate. It’s his changeup that has made him an excellent pitcher. Years ago, a starting pitcher’s changeup was his third or fourth pitch. Today, for a lot of pitchers, the changeup is their Unfair One. It’s called a circle change. The pitcher spreads his last three fingers around the ball, then forms a little circle with his forefinger and thumb on the side of the ball. Then he just throws a fastball and his grip prevents it from going fast. The best circle changes, like the one thrown by Hamels, either seem to die at the plate or fade away from a right-handed batter like a soft cutter. It’s a deceptive pitch, easier to master than to hit. Tom Glavine, another smooth southpaw — are there any other kind? — used his deceptive changeup to win 305 games, most of them with the Braves from 1987 through 2002. “Hamels is a Glavine,” Palmer told me, “but with a better fastball and less control.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  According to Mike Arbuckle, the Phillies’ scouting director in 2002, when the Phillies drafted Hamels out of high school, Hamels “was very polished, his changeup was very advanced, but his curve had no bite.” Gillick said Hamels used to have a good curveball, but “he lost confidence in it because he had so much confidence in his change as his out pitch.” Ryan Howard said of Hamels’s changeup: “Devastating, but his curveball is whatever. But sometimes your third pitch can be your best first pitch.” What he meant is that so many hitters are looking for Hamels to throw a first-pitch changeup that a curveball will often catch them flat-footed taking the pitch.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  A pitching coach told me: “Hamels makes mistakes. He’s not strong like Doc either. A few years ago he was the It guy after he was the World Series M.V.P. in 2008. But he started appearing everywhere.” In other words, Hamels became a celebrity beyond baseball. He appeared on “Late Show With David Letterman” and “The Ellen DeGeneres Show” with his wife, Heidi Strobel, a reality-TV veteran from “Survivor.” Hamels transformed from a laid-back kid from San Diego in O.P. shorts into a slickster in Hugo Boss suits with a buffed, boyish charm. His teammates began calling him Hollywood Hamels. Photo       CLIFF LEE AGE: 32 PITCH: Four-seam fastball STAT: Cy Young winner, 2008  Credit             Levon Biss for The New York Times           In the two seasons after he was named M.V.P. of the World Series, his records were 10-11 and 12-11. Eventually he admitted “these side jobs” were wearing him out and getting in the way of his real job, which was playing winning baseball.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  After four days, I was getting antsy. No interviews, no word from Casterioto. So I approached Halladay at his locker one morning. He turned his back and muttered, “Talk to Greg.” I went over to Hamels at his locker. Before I could speak, he brushed past me: “I’m busy.”I looked around and saw Oswalt at his locker. What the hell! He looked up without expression and said, “O.K., let’s do it now.” We went outside and sat on a bench and talked.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Oswalt is often described as “a slender six-footer.” In Gillick’s words: “If you like him as a pitcher, he’s a six-footer. If not, he’s 5-foot-10.” He looks smaller, barely 160 pounds. But, as Palmer put it to me, “he pitches like a big man.”Oswalt said he was smaller as a kid: “I had to use my body more to throw hard.” He drives off the mound with his legs low to the ground, which propels his fastball upward of 95 m.p.h. He considers himself a classic “old school” pitcher: overhand fastball, curveball, with a change as a third pitch. “I’m aggressive,” he said. “I throw strikes and pitch to my strength, not a hitter’s weakness.” If a hitter likes high inside fastballs and that’s Oswalt’s best pitch, he’ll challenge the hitter mano a mano. Nolan Ryan told me, “He’s very confident, but he throws his fastball up more than I’m comfortable with.” Mike Maddux, Texas’ pitching coach, said: “He’s cocksure, very aggressive. The knock against him is he’s only a fastball pitcher. But he has a big-time curve too.” Ryan Howard told me that Oswalt’s curve is not even 70 m.p.h., “but it’s got a hump in it. You get anxious, you go at it too soon. Then he comes back at you with that 94 m.p.h. fastball on the hands. Oh, man.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Oswalt said that no one throws a curveball much anymore. “It’s too hard to learn, and umpires don’t like to call it a strike.” A great overhand curveball drops from a batter’s waist to his knees as it crosses the plate, and is caught by a catcher before it hits the dirt. A great curveball never looks like a strike. Umpires don’t like to be embarrassed in front of 50,000 people. “If a guy doesn’t come into the big leagues with a curveball, it’s hard to teach him a quality one,” Dubee told me. “You either can spin it right away or you can’t.” A curveball begins with a fastball arm motion, the pitcher’s arm passing his head with his two fingers cutting through the center of the ball and aimed directly at the plate. When the pitcher’s hand is in front of his head, just before he releases the ball, he must roll his two fingers over the top of the ball to give it downward spin, while simultaneously pulling his arm sharply in toward his opposite hip. The motion is akin to pulling on the string hanging from an overhead light bulb. A great curveball is the only pitch that requires two different arm motions in one pitch.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Oswalt throws between starts more than he works out in a gym. He gave me a sly, sideways grin. “I don’t get to the gym at 5 a.m. and work out for five hours. That’s ungodly.” Oswalt went on to say that “guys used to throw 300 innings a year,” but 200 is a lot today. “Now there’s pitch counts. Who came up with the magic number, 100 pitches and take him out? You don’t hurt your arm throwing in the ninth inning — you hurt it in the early innings before your throwing smooths out.”Mel Queen, a player-development consultant for the Blue Jays, told me that the kiss of death for today’s pitchers is the “quality start”: seven innings and turn the game over to the setup man and then the closer. He said babying young pitchers to protect a team’s investment in them has made many of them soft, like Joba Chamberlain of the Yankees. “Joba looks confused now,” Queen said, “because he hasn’t pitched enough in the minors.” Mike Maddux told me: “My icons were Palmer, Seaver and Ryan. They took responsibility for finishing a game. That’s why pitchers don’t have the variety of pitches today that they used to.” He meant that today’s starting pitchers don’t need as many good pitches, or the Unfair One, to go seven innings as they do to finish to nine. It’s that third and even fourth time through the opposition’s batting order that dooms most of today’s starting pitchers. It’s something of a fallacy that today’s starting pitchers don’t complete games simply because they lack the stamina, or because teams fear injury. Starting pitchers today don’t have the quality or variety of pitches, the depth of talent, required to go nine innings. Photo       ROY OSWALT AGE: 33 PITCH: Overhand curveball STAT: 150 career victories  Credit             Levon Biss for The New York Times           “Everyone says that the Phillies have this great staff,” Palmer told me. But baseball strategy has changed, and “the name of the game is just to go seven innings. Young pitchers never find out where their heart is until they’ve been tested over nine innings.” Seaver, who completed 231 games during his career, told me, “If I was a manager today, I’d go out to the mound in the seventh when a pitcher was in trouble and tell him, ‘I’m not coming back.’ ”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  I asked Oswalt how he would adjust to the loss of his stuff as he got older. He laughed and said: “I have a great knuckleball. I’ll break it out later in my career.” Oswalt is like most successful pitchers today who are reluctant to tamper with the stuff that made them successful, until they lose it. Most great pitchers don’t wait until they lose their stuff before they redefine themselves as pitchers. Spahn began tinkering with a screwball and slider when he was still winning 20 games a season in his 20s. By the time he began to lose his good fastball and sharp-breaking curveball, in his early 30s, he had already incorporated his new pitches into his repertory, which is why he continued winning 20 games a year into his 40s.The following morning, Casterioto told me Halladay would talk to me at 8:30 by his locker. I went over, and we talked. As a pitcher, he said, “I have to work hard to throw hard because I was never a nice, easy, fluid thrower.” That’s why he’s so dedicated to his obsessive workouts: “It makes me feel stronger and more confident. It’s the mental part of pitching I worry about. I have to remind myself don’t think too much.” (According to Queen, Halladay can’t remember the last thing you told him. “You put too much in his head, and nothing sticks.”) [{"headline":"The New York Times Magazine","summary":"The best of The New York Times Magazine delivered to your inbox every week, including exclusive feature stories, photography, columns and more.","product-code":"MA","product-title":"The New York Times Magazine","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/magazine?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=MA&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Morning Briefing","summary":"Get what you need to know to start your day in the United States, Canada and the Americas, delivered to your inbox.","product-code":"NN","product-title":"Morning Briefing","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/morning-briefing?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=NN&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"NYT Living","summary":"Get lifestyle news from the Style, Travel and Food sections, from the latest trends to news you can use.","product-code":"LI","product-title":"NYT Living","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/pages\/nytliving\/nytliving-email\/index.html?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=LI&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    When Halladay was drafted by Toronto in ’95, he was a big, hard-throwing overhand fastball-curveball pitcher like Nolan Ryan, but with less explosive stuff. Then, in his second full season with the Blue Jays, in 2000, he lost his control, his stuff and his confidence. He posted a 10.64 E.R.A., the worst of any pitcher who pitched at least 50 innings in a single season. The Jays sent him down to the minors, where he came under the spell of Queen. Queen called him “weak” and “worthless,” and Halladay agreed. Then Queen made a few simple changes to Halladay’s motion. He lowered Halladay’s arm motion from straight overhand to low-three-quarters overhand, then taught him various grips to make his fastball move. “The rest is history,” Queen told me. Two years later, Halladay was a 19-game winner. He has won at least 20 games in a season three times.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Of his disastrous meltdown in 2000, Halladay said: “It wasn’t that I was afraid. I was confused. I didn’t know what the problem was or how to turn it around.” Queen helped him physically. Mentally, he learned a lot from Harvey Dorfman’s book, “The Mental ABC’s of Pitching.” Dorfman has become a psychological guru for confused pitchers. His book is full of simplicities cloaked in athletic jargon that comforts pitchers who have never thought much about their craft. (Seaver always had his own theories about pitching.) Sample advice from Dorfman: “Address failure by defining it in situational terms, rather than personal ones. In other words, be certain perspective is clear.”I left Halladay and went to watch Joe Blanton pitch batting practice. Blanton is the Phillies’ fifth starter. He’s being paid a lot of money to be the forgotten man: $8.5 million a year compared with Halladay’s $20 million, Oswalt’s $16 million, Lee’s $11 million ($21.5 million starting next year) and Hamels’s $9.5 million. Blanton throws with an extreme, short-arm motion, a short stride, a stand-up follow through, like a Little League pitcher who has never been coached. Still, he has a darting fastball and a sharp slider.Then I saw Lee throwing off a bullpen mound with Dubee and abandoned Blanton. Dubee glanced at me as if annoyed. At 6-foot-3, Lee is tall and lean like a knife blade, with a club fighter’s big jaw. Carl Willis, his coach at Cleveland, once said if he was ever in a bar fight, he’d want Lee on his side because “you’d have to kill him” to stop him. Lee has something of a temper. In 2007, pitching for the Indians, he hit Sammy Sosa in the head with a fastball on a night the Rangers were honoring Sosa for hitting 600 home runs. The same game, Lee got into two arguments with his catcher in full view of the fans. Willis says Lee can be stubborn. Others have called him colorless and “not especially eloquent or intellectual,” a man who admits to having never read a book.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lee may have the temperament of a bar fighter, but as a pitcher he’s as precise as a surgeon. He dices and slices batters with his delicately placed fastballs. Last season, he walked 18 batters in 212 innings. “I wish he’d throw more balls,” Gillick said. Lee can be predictable with his four-seam fastball, which doesn’t move much at 92 to 94 m.p.h. He throws as many as 90 fastballs a game, most of them to one spot, low and inside to right handers. When his control is off, Lee, unlike Halladay, can be hit. Last year in the World Series with the Texas Rangers, Lee was roughed up by the San Francisco Giants in two games, giving up nine earned runs and 14 hits in 11.2 innings because, according to Willis, “his fastball migrated to the middle of the plate,” where it was hittable. Photo       COLE HAMELS AGE:27 PITCH: Changeup STAT:World Series M.V.P., 2008  Credit             Levon Biss for The New York Times           Lee has a smooth, high kicking motion not unlike Warren Spahn’s. When he raises his right leg so high that his knee is almost to his face, he draws his arm back with the ball. He doesn’t bring the ball all the way behind him, as most pitchers do, their arms extended so far behind them that the hitter can pick up the ball and follow its progress. Lee “short arms” the ball instead, pulling his arm back alongside his body, as if he were cocking an AK-47, which keeps the ball hidden.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Farrell called him the most deceptive pitcher in the game. Willis said: “The ball comes out of his uniform, and the batter can’t pick it up until late. He has the same great delivery every pitch. He’s a machine. The ball goes to the same spot every time.” He’s like a dart thrower, focused on one spot where he throws his four-seam fastball and cutter. He has a decent circle change too, and a good one-knuckle curveball that he doesn’t throw much because he doesn’t have confidence in it.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lee bounced six consecutive curveballs in the dirt, then abandoned it for his pinpoint fastball, his comfort zone. “Oh, I love it!” Dubee said.When I asked Nolan Ryan about Lee’s fastball, he said: “Well, he throws a lot of them. But I wouldn’t rave about it.” (Lee spurned the Rangers, where Ryan is an owner and the president, to rejoin the Phillies, for whom he pitched in the second half of the 2009 season.) Gillick said, “If I was a hitter, I’d uncork on that inside pitch.” Mike Schmidt, a Hall of Famer and a former third baseman with the Phillies, where he is now a hitting instructor, said, “I might be able to hit that pitch.” He added that he might be able to hit Halladay’s moving fastball too. “I’d just look for a ball away,” he said, “and let everything else go.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  After watching Lee throw, I followed him into the clubhouse and introduced myself. He looked at me with cold eyes, then said, “Tomorrow morning, 7:30.” The following morning, I sat down at the outside bench at 7 o’clock. At 8, I stood up and walked over to the open doors of the weight room. I saw Lee pedaling a stationary bike. I waited until he finished and followed him into the clubhouse. “I’m busy,” he said. “Tomorrow.”I saw Hamels by his locker, so I went over to him. “O.K.,” he said. “I’ve got a few minutes.” Hamels was charming, voluble, self-deprecating. He told me that when he was a high-school pitcher in San Diego, the competition was so tough that he couldn’t just throw a fastball, even if it was 95 m.p.h. “So I picked up a circle change,” he said. He showed me how he held the ball. It’s such a deceptive pitch for him now that at times, he said, “a guy will swing so hard and miss it, his helmet will come off.” He laughed. “One guy threw up his arms and said, ‘That’s not fair.’ ”I told him the knock against him was that when he was in trouble, batters looked for his change. “Definitely true,” he admitted. “I used to always go to my strength, but now I’ll go to a batter’s weakness too . . . unless it’s a curveball.” He smiled. “No, no, no way I’ll throw a curve in a clutch situation. I’ll throw my cutter.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The cut fastball, popularized by the Yankees’ brilliant closer, Mariano Rivera, approaches the plate like an easy-to-hit fastball; then, as the batter begins his swing, it cuts in on his hands, or away. The cutter is a poor man’s slider. It breaks later and less than a slider and is much easier to learn to throw. A slider is thrown hard, with a locked wrist, almost like throwing a football, with the pitcher’s hand slightly cocked off-center so that his fingers cut through the left or right half of the ball. If those fingers rotate too much around the ball, the slider will soften, slow, break too much and become a sloppy, hittable curveball. The less a ball breaks, the easier it is to control. A cutter can be thrown with confidence when the pitcher is behind the batter in the count, say, 3 and 1. Young pitchers are taught a cutter early today so they don’t struggle learning a curveball. Cutters, splitters and changes are just variations on a fastball. They rely simply on gripping a ball in different ways and then throwing it like a fastball. Photo       ROY HALLADAYAGE: 33 PITCH: Two-seam fastballSTAT: Cy Young winner in each league  Credit             Levon Biss for The New York Times           I asked Hamels if he felt a lot of pressure as the youngest pitcher in this great four-man rotation. “No, I can be myself now,” he said. “I don’t have to be the Big Guy.” (Palmer and Seaver told me they relished being the Big Guy.) When we finished, he flashed me his charming, boyish smile, scissored his hair off his brow and said, “Thank you so much, and have a wonderful day!”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Eventually I cornered Lee at his locker. I asked him how he developed that southpaw’s motion of his. “What do you mean by that?” he said. I said, “It’s a beautiful motion.” He said: “Oh. I had a lot of coaches.” He referred to his fastball as his “go-to” pitch. Then, defensively, he added: “That’s not the only pitch I throw, you know. My game is locating. If I’m hitting my spots, I’ve got stuff and control. If not, I’ve lost both.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  I asked which batters gave him the most trouble. Punchy hitters, he said, who foul off a lot of pitches, then slap the ball the other way. “Like Ichiro,” he said. “Sometimes you just want to let him hit his ground ball and hope someone catches it. He’s gonna get his hits. The quicker he does, the better for me. The more pitches a batter sees, the better hitters they become.” All four Phillies’ pitchers prefer to face free-swinging home-run hitters — those with “a lot of air in their swing to make them miss,” in Oswalt’s words. Pitchers who rely on one favorite pitch, instead of a variety of pitches, always lose effectiveness the more pitches they throw to a batter. Spahn often set up a batter by deliberately getting behind in the count 2-0, so the batter started looking for a fat pitch. That’s when Spahn went to work on him with his screwball, slider and big curve.I asked Lee if he pitched to his strength or a batter’s weakness. He said: “If a hitter’s looking for a fastball inside, that doesn’t mean I won’t throw it. You don’t abandon your best pitch because a guy likes it.” Why doesn’t he throw more curveballs? He said, “It’s the hardest pitch to locate.” In fact Lee had his worst year in the majors in 2007 (5-8, 6.29 E.R.A.), when he tried to master a slider. “I focused so much on it,” he said, “it got me in trouble. Some guys put a lot of pressure on themselves because they think they gotta be more than they are.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  As I left, he said, “Sorry it took so long.”After more than a week, I formulated my opinion about what made these four pitchers successful. A deceptive pitch, great control and the need to stay within the boundaries of their talent. If they strayed too far from those boundaries, they feared that might destroy their success. This has made them very good pitchers, maybe even great pitchers in the game today. But in that pantheon of great pitchers throughout history, they seemed merely one-trick ponies in an age of diminished expectations of greatness. A harsh judgment? Possibly. So before I left the Phillies, I talked to one more man.Mike Schmidt was standing behind a batting cage, still as trim as during his playing days. A handsome, middle-aged man with swept-back, silvery hair and a thick mustache. I asked him what he thought of the four Phillies pitchers  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Well,” he said, “now when the Phillies come to town, the other team knows they’re being challenged by four No. 1 pitchers. They have to amp up their mental game. I used to see my at-bats the night before a game when I laid my head down on the pillow. Gibson, Seaver, Ryan. I had to have a plan. When I went to Houston, they had three good pitchers. The fourth was Nolan Ryan. I could go to sleep with the other three, but Ryan kept me awake. Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! My plan was, don’t miss his fastball if he threw it over the plate. If he got two strikes on me, I’d have to face his curveball.” He turned and looked at me with his small blue eyes, which had fear in them. “Ryan was scary!” he said. He shook his head, as if seeing Ryan on the mound. Ryan began his motion and fired the ball at his head. Schmidt had a split second to make a decision. Was it a 100 m.p.h. fastball that could kill him if it hit him in the head, or was it that wicked curveball? If he dove away from the plate and the pitch was a curveball that broke over the plate, he’d look like a fool and a coward. But if it wasn’t a curveball, if it was that 100 m.p.h. fastball, and he didn’t dive away from the plate . . . well, he didn’t even want to think about that.“Ryan, Gibson, Seaver, they made you defensive,” he said. “Does that make sense? You were afraid of the ball. There’s no fear of the ball today with cutters, splitters and changeups.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “What about the Phillies’ four pitchers?” I said.“They’re not scary,” he said. “Even if they all win 20 games, the Phillies don’t have a pitcher who strikes fear in a hitter.”   Correction: April 17, 2011   An article on April 3 about this year’s starting pitchers for the  Philadelphia Phillies, which included comparisons with the greatest  pitchers of all time, misstated the pitching arm of the Hall of Famer  Carl Hubbell. It was his left, not his right.     Pat Jordan (pat@patjordanstories.com) is a contributing writer for the The Times Magazine. Editor: Dean Robinson (d.robinson-MagGroup@nytimes.com). A version of this article appears in print on April 3, 2011, on Page MM24 of the Sunday Magazine with the headline: CON MEN, PICKPOCKETS AND MASTERS OF DECEPTION.  Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage       Nate Silver on How They Rank With the All-Time Greatest MARCH 29, 2011         LETTERS | REPLY ALL   Strikeout APRIL 13, 2011                       
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles fan talks about winning MLB Dream Job contestApril 01, 2011|By Matt VenselRyan Wagner, an Orioles fan and a former intern at FOX 1370 radio in Baltimore, was one of two winners of MLB's Dream Job contest. Now he's getting paid to live in a decked-out fan cave, watch every MLB game in 2011 and share his take with the blogosphere.It's kind of like my job, except he has 14 more TVs to watch games on and he has to live with a Yankees fan.Wagner, who appeared on "Sports with Coleman" on FOX 1370 this week, was one of 10,000 applicants in the contest. “I got lucky enough to get picked," he said from his fan cave in Manhattan. var adSkipCounter = 0; “The set up is fantastic, Wagner said. "They’ve got everything in here. There’s pool tables, air hockey tables. The setup where we’re going to watch the games, it’s 15 Sony televisions -- three 60-inch screens and 12 32-inch screens -- and they’ve got a whole living room set up for us to sit and watch the games."The only downside is that he has to live under the same roof with a Yankees fan from now until season's end.“We get along really well, aside for the fact that he’s a Yankees fan," Wagner said of roommate Mike O'Hara.Wagner said that though he is blogging and Tweeting about all 30 MLB teams, he will still root for the Orioles.“We're allowed to show where our passions are," Wagner told Coleman. "We’re allowed to be fans while we're in this cave. And so yeah, I’m obviously going to be partial to the Orioles. I’m going to root for 'em while I’m on the camera and while I’m watching these games."     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
2  BALTIMORE (WJZ)—It looks like the weather may cooperate for opening day at Camden Yards—just three days away. That means the field needs to be in perfect condition. Jessica Kartalija is following the final preparations. The countdown is on at Camden Yards. For head groundskeeper Nicole Sherry that means that the baseball diamond has to be in absolute perfect condition—not just for the home opener, but of course for the rest of the season. “We’re going to get the paint ready to paint our Opening Day logo, remove all the buckets from the warning track and get the tarps ready to be put out,” Sherry said. Sherry is used to talking turfs.  “Monday is coming quick,” Sherry said. “And we’ll be here tomorrow and Sunday, as well, to get everything prepped  and kind of finishing touches on everything.” This is an exact science. “A lot of people don’t think it’s anything more than just cutting grass, breaking dirt,” Sherry said. “But everything in nature is related to it. I have to watch out for disease pressure. I have to watch out for wind, rain can dry it out or oversaturate the field.” Sherry says one thing you won’t see this season is the English ivy that usually covers the batters eye wall. Sherry says it was removed because of root rot. Sherry’s season starts way before the home opener. “You know, it has its stresses like with any job,” she said. “But I can’t complain. This is my office. What more do you want, you know?” Sherry tells us that she is constantly checking the satellite radar just like our own meteorologists. Of course, a warm, sunny and beautiful day can make all of the difference in the world. It improves the vibrancy of the baseball diamond. The Orioles season starts Friday night. The home opener is Monday. You can see the Orioles take on the Detroit Tigers live on WJZ-TV. Our special pregame coverage begins at 2 p.m. Then stick around for the Orioles game. It’s a full day of Orioles baseball live right here on WJZ-TV on Monday.  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays manager Joe Maddon (70) shakes hands with Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter (26) before the start of an MLB baseball game on Friday, April 1, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. MoreJeremy Guthrie allowed three hits in eight shutout innings while outpitching David Price, Brian Roberts and Nick Markakis each drove in two runs and the Baltimore Orioles opened the season with a 4-1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Friday night.Taking up where they left off during a nice two-month stretch to end last season under manager Buck Showalter, the Orioles ruined a festive evening in which the defending AL East champions hoisted their latest division title banner at Tropicana Field.And, they did it with Guthrie outdoing last year's AL Cy Young Award runner-up.Roberts hit a two-run triple off Price in the fifth and scored on Markakis' sacrifice fly.Ben Zobrist homered in the ninth for Tampa Bay. 
4 There are a range of emotions after Opening Day 2011 for Orioles fans. The day started with fans having to find out that the Orioles number two starter Brian Matusz is going on the DL with a strained intercostal muscle. This is a huge blow to the Orioles who don’t exactly have a lot of depth in their starting rotation to begin with and also have question marks regarding how their young starters will perform.I have no freakin idea what an intercostal muscle is, but apparently it is going to keep Matusz out anywhere from 3 to 6 weeks. Obviously losing Matusz for 3 to 6 weeks stinks, but at least it isn’t an arm injury. The Orioles need to make sure the injury completely heals before bringing Matusz back and just be grateful there is no damage to his shoulder or elbow. This does give the final member of the “cavalry” a chance to make his major league debut on Sunday. You can forget the service time debate because Zach Britton’s service time is starting on Sunday.Enough of the negative stuff, the positive is that the Orioles started the season on the right note with a 4-1 victory over their division rival Tampa Bay Rays. In the grand scheme of things this is just one game out of 162. However, baseball is very much a mental game and opening day does seem to mentally hold more significance. Remember last season Orioles fans? The Orioles had the lead against the Rays going into the ninth inning before Mike Gonzalez blew the save. It was all down hill after that. Of course, a win on opening day doesn’t guarantee a great season, but it does represent a positive start to the season.As for the game itself, Jeremy Guthrie pitched a brilliant game and showed why too much shouldn’t be put into spring training. Guthrie struggled in spring training but threw 8 scoreless innings against a strong Rays lineup. Jim Johnson came in the ninth and gave up a home run before retiring the side on two strikeouts. Not much to report on the offensive side. The Orioles managed only 5 hits but remember it was against David Price, one of the best pitchers in baseball. Roberts and Markakis both drove in two runs while the rest of the lineup managed just three hits among them. However, when you look at the Orioles lineup you have to like what you see. One through nine, there is not one weak hitter in the lineup. It is a long season and players are going to go through slumps, but the Orioles have quality hitters throughout their lineup and when one player is slumping another one should be stepping up.Chris Tillman moves up and will pitch tonight. It has been said many times before, but it couldn’t be more true, the Orioles season will depend on the success of their young starters. Matusz is out, now Tillman, Arrieta, Bergesen, and Britton need to step up. We will start to see tonight just how good the “cavalry” really is. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Matusz's injury has Orioles already scramblingUpgraded lineup won't help them figure out pitching situationApril 02, 2011|By Peter SchmuckST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Just when everyone was starting to feel all warm and fuzzy about the opening of the regular season, reality crept into the visiting clubhouse at Tropicana Field late Friday afternoon. Left-hander Brian Matusz, who is widely regarded as the cornerstone of the club's pitching future, walked disconsolately to his locker and put his street clothes back on. Instead of getting ready to chart pitches in advance of Saturday night's scheduled start against the Tampa Bay Rays, he was getting ready to undergo an MRI to determine the cause of soreness beneath his left shoulder blade. The results would not cheer him up. He suffered an intercostal strain and could be lost for up to a month. The Orioles placed him on the 15-day disabled list, moved Chris Tillman into Saturday night's start and then did something else they had hoped they would not have to do so soon. They recalled top pitching prospect Zach Britton from the Triple-A roster to start the series finale on Sunday. var adSkipCounter = 0;  No doubt, that half of the evening news will be welcomed by a lot of Orioles fans, but it really isn't a very happy development. Britton would have been here in a few weeks anyway and the O's would have been able to keep him under reserve for seven seasons instead of six. This way, he may become eligible for free agency a year sooner. And, as they say, that was the good news, along with Jeremy Guthrie's terrific Opening Night performance and the O's 4-1 victory, but it was not a good day. Matusz will be sidelined for at least three weeks with an injury that seldom heals easily. Manager Buck Showalter also hinted at some other possible contingencies before moving Tillman up, but there was nothing else that would soften the blow of losing the club's No. 2 starter before he could take the mound for his first start of the season. The Orioles and their fans have been leaning heavily on the upgraded offensive lineup to justify guarded optimism about the club's chances of being more competitive this season, but the ability to go nose-to-nose with the beasts of the American League East on any consistent basis has always depended on the continuing development of the young starting pitchers. So what have we got here? Matusz is now down for an indeterminate period and the Orioles -- at least for a few hours -- were without a No. 2 starter for the second game of the season. Tillman was the obvious choice to fill that one start and Brad Bergesen could have pitched four or five innings on Sunday, but neither one of them had a particularly inspiring spring. Tillman had a respectable 3.93 ERA, but he allowed 31 baserunners in 18 1/3 innings. Bergesen pitched 17 innings against major league competitive and had a 5.82 ERA, also allowing 31 baserunners. You don't have to be a mathematician to figure out that's an average of nearly two baserunners an inning, which probably isn't going to get it done in the American League East. Obviously, it would have been real nice if the Justin Duchscherer experiment had panned out, but his comeback attempt appears to have fizzled. Which brings us back to Britton, who was the Orioles' most effective starter this spring. The club optioned him back to Norfolk a few days ago and clearly intended to delay his arrival in the major leagues until the end of April. Instead, he is now positioned nicely to make a run at the American League Rookie of the Year Award. Even though MacPhail's first instinct is to maintain control over his best young players for as long as possible, the Orioles found themselves in a very delicate position with Matusz temporarily out of the rotation. Even if they had filled out the weekend without a roster move, they would have needed a fifth starter on April 10. The O's need to build on last year's late-season turnaround and they need not to leave their fans any room to doubt their commitment to compete this year. That's why it would have been problematic to plug the hole left by Matusz with somebody like Chris Jakubauskas or Ryan Drese. Showalter did not openly campaign for Britton, but he made it clear throughout spring training that he is committed to trying to win as many games as possible this year. It's probably fair to assume he pushed hard for the best possible option to fill Matusz's place in the rotation. The last thing Showalter wants to do is risk a repeat of last year's disastrous start, especially after doing so much to wipe that memory out of the minds of Orioles fans and after the front office did so much to upgrade the offense. That offense found a way to beat one of the best pitchers in baseball on Friday night, but the Orioles weren't going to hit their way out of this mess. Listen to Peter Schmuck on WBAL (1090 AM) at noon Fridays and check out his blog, "The Schmuck Stops Here," at baltimoresun.com/schmuckblog.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' Manny Ramirez (24) grounds out to shortstop during the second inning of an MLB baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Friday, April 1, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, left, looks on. MoreEven with a couple of new names in the middle of the lineup, the Tampa Bay Rays struggled to score.Manny Ramirez and Johnny Damon each went 0 for 4 in their debuts for the Rays during Friday night's 4-1 season-opening loss to Jeremy Guthrie and the Baltimore Orioles.Evan Longoria went 0-fer, too, as the defending AL East champions were limited to four hits, including Ben Zobrist's ninth-inning homer that averted a shutout."Any time your two, three, four guys go 0 for 12, it's not a good day. ... Hopefully that doesn't happen often," Damon said after Guthrie throttled the Rays on three hits through eight scoreless innings.Damon, Longoria and Ramirez form the heart of a Tampa Bay order that had trouble putting up runs last year, before All-Star Carl Crawford and slugger Carlos Pena became free agents."It's hard to gauge our hitters because their pitching was that good," Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon said. "It's not like we weren't swinging the bats well. Guthrie was good, man."Taking up where they left off during a nice two-month stretch to end last season under manager Buck Showalter, the Orioles ruined a festive evening in which the Rays hoisted their latest division title banner at Tropicana Field.And, they did it with Guthrie outperforming David Price, last year's AL Cy Young Award runner-up."It's one day, but I sure like being on this end of it," Showalter said. "It's a tough place to play on opening day."Brian Roberts hit a two-run triple off Price in the fifth and scored on Nick Markakis' sacrifice fly. Markakis also had an RBI single in the third.In his third opening day start in four years, Guthrie returned 13 batters in a row between Dan Johnson's second-inning double and Zobrist's single leading off the sixth. B.J. Upton double leading off the eighth for Tampa Bay's third hit.Zobrist homered on the first pitch of the ninth off Jim Johnson. The Orioles reliever struck out Damon and Evan Longoria, then got Ramirez to ground out to finish the combined four-hitter.Guthrie walked one and struck out six."Throwing before the game, I felt good. I was very excited, really, wanting to get out there and go after it," Guthrie said. "It was a great crowd, but I was able to tone it down a little bit. ... I had a feel for the ball and was able to carry it over into the game."A sellout crowd of 34,078 — the sixth straight for a Rays home opener — booed Florida Gov. Rick Scott, who threw out the ceremonial first pitch. The fans stood and cheered wildly as the Rays' 2010 AL East flag was raised to the left-field catwalk alongside banners recognizing the team's 2008 division and league championship.Before the game, Maddon reflected on how far the franchise has come since he was hired after the 2005 season and helped transform a last-place team into a contender."I think at that time if I had spoken too loudly about" the prospect of winning championships "people would have thought I truly was crazy," Maddon said.With his first opening day assignment, Price became the 13th pitcher in major league history to start an opener, an All-Star game and a postseason game by the age of 25 — a select group that also includes Whitey Ford, Tom Seaver, Roger Clemens, Dwight Gooden, Fernando Valenzuela, Robin Roberts, Don Drysdale and Bret Saberhagen. Tom Glavine was the last to do it 20 years ago.The hard-throwing lefty allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings. He walked one and struck out seven, while losing to the Orioles for the first time in five career decisions."I felt good. But when you're going against another team's No. 1 and give up four runs, you're going to lose," said Price, a 19-game winner in 2010. "I've got to get better."NOTES: Ramirez made his 18th consecutive opening day start, the second-longest streak among active players behind Washington's Ivan Rodriguez (20). Damon has started 14 straight openers. ... Baltimore LHP Brian Matusz was scratched from his scheduled start on Saturday because of soreness on the left side of his mid-back. ... A moment of silence was observed for three St. Petersburg police officers who have been killed in the line of duty this year. 
5   	In a matter of 30 seconds on the night of April 3, 2011, an undercover cop put Greg LaFleur in handcuffs and effectively ruined the former Southern University athletic director’s life.    	In some ways, though, LaFleur’s arrest for allegedly soliciting a would-be prostitute at the Final Four in Houston — and his eventual acquittal in January 2012 — was also the best thing that happened to him.    	To be sure, the 54-year-old former NFL tight end would never wish the last 26 months upon himself again — no way, no how.  	After all, he was fired before he returned to campus, and he’s still struggling to find work in athletics, the only field he’s ever known. And because his name was so tarnished by the mere accusation — regardless of the eventual verdict — there’s no telling when he’ll land the AD position he desires.  	But in losing his job and, in the eyes of many, his credibility, LaFleur gained something far more valuable — a chance to reconnect with an NBA-bound son more than 2,000 miles away.   	LaFleur was in Houston to search for a replacement for Southern’s then-vacant basketball coaching position, but he stepped into his personal hell on that night, shortly after leaving Discovery Green, a park in the city’s central business district.  	LaFleur had been there for an NCAA “fan fest” event, which culminated in a concert featuring Pat Green and Kenny Chesney. After the concert, LaFleur says he wanted something to eat, so he made his way to Main Street — a popular Houston thoroughfare lined with shopping and restaurants.  	“It’s not like I was off some skid row or whatever or in an area that was known for stripping or anything,” he told FOXSports.com. “That’s just not the way I do things.”  	As LaFleur stood at an intersection waiting to cross the street, a woman approached him. According to LaFleur, the woman — who later turned out to be an undercover Houston police officer — began flirting and made advances toward him.    	“And the next thing I knew, I had handcuffs on me and they’d brought me to jail,” LaFleur said.  	Houston police accused LaFleur of engaging in “sexual intercourse for hire,” saying he offered the woman $50 in exchange for sex. He was one of more than 60 men picked up that night during a sting in the downtown area. But LaFleur tells a different version.  	“I was not going out searching for some prostitute,” LaFleur said. “I was looking for a place to eat, and I invited her to come to dinner with me because as far as I knew, she was just a single woman who had started talking to me.”  	Had the woman looked like a prostitute or had he suspected he was being set up, LaFleur says he would have just ignored her, saving himself a year’s worth of legal trouble and a lifetime of embarrassment.  	“There was nothing conspicuous about her,” LaFleur said. “She was dressed normal, and there was nothing provocative about her in any way. My antennas probably would have gone up if she had her purse swinging and was showing off her body and had lots of make-up. But this was a normal-looking lady that I thought just wanted to talk to me.”  	LaFleur was released later that night on $500 bond, and after nine months of waiting, his case finally went to a jury of six of his peers last January. After an eight-hour trial and just 34 short minutes of deliberation, the jury returned a not guilty verdict, and LaFleur was a free man.  	But the damage had already been done.  	“I was just glad that it was over with, but I was mad that it took so long to happen,” LaFleur said. “I wasn’t concerned with the outcome of the case because I knew what happened, but I still had to wait that long for everything to run its course. … The media hit me so hard (after the arrest) and it formed a perception. Even though I was innocent, I was already judged in the court of public opinion.”  	For evidence of that, one should look no further than LaFleur’s last full-time employer.  	Southern fired LaFleur by phone on April 6, 2011, just three days after his initial arrest — and before he ever had a chance to defend himself to anyone.  	“I didn’t even get to make it back to campus,” LaFleur said. “I was on my way back to Baton Rouge, and I got a phone call that I had been fired. That was the extent of that, so I didn’t even get a chance to discuss it with the officials at the university.”  	LaFleur eventually filed a breach of contract lawsuit against Southern. The civil case has yet to go to court — the trial is set for Jan. 21, 2014 — but it’s not just restitution LaFleur is after. What he really wants is a job back in college athletics, the only field he has ever known.  	LaFleur has been working part-time for a market research firm called TCG Consulting since last summer, but his heart is still in sports, and he’s applied for dozens of jobs at universities across the country since his acquittal. These days, they’re at least calling him back — that wasn’t the case early on — and he’s interviewed for three AD jobs in 2013.  	But there’s no telling when he’ll finally get the opportunity he so craves. For now, all he can do is wait and hope for another chance.  	“If you don’t know me, you can only go on what you read and you perceive me differently,” LaFleur said. “In our profession, the first thing people do is Google your name, and whether I was guilty or not guilty, that still shows up, and if someone hires me, the first thing people will say is, ‘He was accused of soliciting a prostitute and was later acquitted,’ and then the story will go on from there.  	“That will always be part of the story when people talk about Greg LaFleur.” 	    	A world away from Houston, Robert Sacre had finished his junior season at Gonzaga, where he was a star center on the basketball team. He would have loved to have been in Texas for the Final Four that weekend, but the Bulldogs, a No. 11 seed, were eliminated by BYU in the second round of the NCAA tournament.  	Sacre’s girlfriend, Vinessa, was four months pregnant at the time, and Sacre had that week told his mom, Leslie, that she was going to be a grandmother. Unfortunately, that news was followed by word that his father, LaFleur, had been arrested.  	“When I found out about it, I got the call and I just took it in,” said Sacre, 24, now a popular reserve center for the Los Angeles Lakers. “I told myself, ‘It’s not the end of the world, let me go play some basketball, and I’ll come back and I know it’ll be all right.’ I kind of freed my mind by playing some basketball that day.”  	Later, Sacre would talk to LaFleur, who did his best to clear up the situation.  	“He gave me a call and wanted to see how I was doing,” Sacre said. “He was extremely embarrassed and he wanted to apologize. I told him, ‘It happens — whatever happened, just know that whatever goes on, I’ll always have your back.’”  	Sacre didn’t know it at the time, but that support meant the world to his dad.   	LaFleur was seemingly born to work in athletics.  	A native of Ville Platte, La., LaFleur played football and earned a physical education degree at LSU, where he met Leslie, a member of the women’s basketball team. After graduation, LaFleur was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the third round of the 1981 draft. He went on to play 86 games in six NFL seasons, 77 for the St. Louis Cardinals.  	Once his playing career ended, LaFleur returned to his alma mater, where he worked as a graduate assistant football coach before putting in 12 years of service to LSU’s athletic administration department, working in multiple roles ranging from marketing and promotions coordinator to associate athletics director.  	LaFleur’s first athletic director job came at Texas State University-San Marcos in 2001. He was let go in March 2004 after an NCAA investigation found that 135 students had misused nearly $75,000 in scholarship money from 1997-2001, but he landed a short time later at Huston-Tillotson College in Austin, Texas.  	After a short time in Austin, LaFleur left to become the AD at Chicago State University. Then in 2005, he was hired by Southern University to replace Floyd Kerr, who had left the historically black college in Baton Rouge to become the AD at Morgan State.    	Sixteen years of work went into getting that job at Southern, and in a matter of three days between his arrest and his firing, it was all rendered useless.  	After LaFleur was acquitted, the university released a statement congratulating their once-embattled AD on the verdict, but that was the only communication he had with the school that fired him less than a year before.  	“I haven’t been on the campus; I haven’t talked to anybody,” LaFleur said. “The only correspondence I’ve personally had with Southern was the day they called me to tell me I was fired.”  	His attorneys have had their share of contact with the school, however.  	Shortly after he was released, LaFleur filed a breach of contract lawsuit against Southern seeking damages, which included his salary for the final two years of a deal that was originally set to expire on June 30 of this year. In the suit, LaFleur alleges that the university fired him without “just cause, good cause, reasonable cause, or other cause.”  	As he waits for the suit to go to trial, LaFleur has continued on what has, thus far, been a futile hunt for a permanent job in athletics.  	“It’s the only thing I’ve ever known,” he said. “I’ve been doing that my entire life.  	“It’s more about perception than reality in athletics, and that’s the challenge,” LaFleur said. “I just hope that a president somewhere will have the courage enough to bring me in. And the first thing I will do (when one does) is address the situation.”  	LaFleur knows his opportunity will come, but there’s no telling when. For now, all he can do is wait and hope for another chance.   	If there was a bright side to LaFleur’s arrest and subsequent firing, it’s that his unexpectedly wide-open schedule afforded LaFleur the opportunity to reconnect with Sacre.  	Sacre was born in Ville Platte, but his parents divorced when he was 7, and his mother moved back to the Pacific Northwest, taking Sacre with her. As a result of the mutual decision to move Sacre to Canada, LaFleur was only able to spend summers with his son, who would return to Louisiana after school got out.  	“That was like my home away from home,” Sacre said. “I grew up with a lot of cousins and I remember just being a kid there, not really worrying about stuff, getting into the dirt and just having fun being with my family. We’d ride bikes and ride horses and just be boys.”  	Those summers were special times for LaFleur, who couldn’t necessarily watch his son grow, both literally and figuratively, the way he would have liked.  	“Each time he came, he was so much taller,” LaFleur recalled. “When he came home in the eighth grade, he was 6-foot-8. I’m 6-foot-4, and my son was already four inches taller than me, and that was weird.”  	But as Sacre got older — and taller — and his schedule got busier, it became more difficult for him to return to Ville Platte. By the time he had enrolled at Gonzaga, Sacre had virtually no time to visit his hometown.  	“I started playing in the summertime, so then my summers became shorter and shorter,” Sacre said. “I kind of made it to where instead of being in Louisiana for two months, it was one month, then it was a week. Now, if I can get a weekend in Louisiana, I’m happy.”  	Because of the demands of his job, LaFleur rarely had time to visit Sacre, either. But that all changed after LaFleur’s firing, and LaFleur spent a significant portion of the nine-month wait between his arrest and his trial in Spokane, visiting Sacre, Vinessa, and their son Quinton, who was born Oct. 4, 2011.  	"He stayed in Spokane a couple of times, and we bonded, and I showed him around," Sacre said. "And he also became such a great grandfather (during that time). He was so supportive, and was always asking questions about the baby. He’s just been great, and I am really privileged to have him in my life."  	LaFleur watched Sacre play in several Gonzaga home games before the trial, and after being acquitted, he traveled to Las Vegas to see his son play in the West Coast Conference tournament. LaFleur also made the trip to Pittsburgh to watch Sacre and the Bulldogs play in two NCAA tournament games, including a first-round win over West Virginia, opportunities he’d have never had if he would have still been at Southern.  	“As an athletic director, the times that he played were usually the times that I was busiest,” LaFleur said. “In some ways (the arrest) was kind of a blessing, and it gave me an opportunity to be able to spend a lot of time and watch him play.”  	In addition to watching his son play and bonding with his first and only grandson, LaFleur also used the opportunity to talk to Sacre about the incident in Houston.  	“I was embarrassed,” LaFleur said. “It embarrassed my family and it embarrassed him because of the coverage that it received. It was in just about every newspaper, it was on all the sports talk shows. It’s not something you can hide from, and people would come up to him and ask him what happened, and that was a shock to him.  	“But he supported me. He and the rest of my immediate family all know me, and they knew that something out of the ordinary had happened. Unfortunately, we all still had to sit back and just wait.”   	The LaFleur family also found itself sitting back and waiting on June 28, 2012, but this time, the circumstances were less dire.  	On the night of the NBA Draft, Sacre was at LaFleur’s house in Ville Platte, along with Leslie, Vinessa, Quinton, and 11 other family members, including Sacre’s grandfather, Gervis, from whom Sacre gets his big personality — “When you’ve got it, you’ve got it,” Sacre says.  	Sacre was his conference’s defensive player of the year as a senior and played with the Canadian national team while at Gonzaga. He took part in 15 NBA workouts leading up to the draft. But on draft night, commissioner David Stern and deputy commissioner Adam Silver called name after name, and none of them were Sacre’s.  	Finally the wait paid off, however, and the Los Angeles Lakers selected Sacre with the 60th — and final — pick of the night.  	“We were all elated because the whole family was here,” LaFleur said. “And we were excited because it was the Lakers who picked him. If you’re going to get drafted in the second round, what better team to be drafted by than the Lakers?”  	Added Sacre: “I had no idea if I was going to be picked. I just took it in as, ‘OK this is the last one, let’s see who it is,’ and my name was called. (Being picked last) was a blessing in disguise, and I was very honored and privileged to have it come my way.”  	Though he didn’t play much in his rookie year — 203 minutes in 32 games, with three starts — Sacre made a huge impact in L.A., where he became known for his enthusiasm on the bench and a capable fill-in for Dwight Howard in practice. He also used the opportunity to absorb as much information as he could from veterans, including Kobe Bryant, Steve Nash and Howard.  	“I think they helped me grow up a lot when it comes to playing basketball,” Sacre said. “I don’t view it as just a game anymore. I view it as, ‘OK, I’m dealing with professionals, and the best of the profession.’ So it kind of gave me a view of how to take this game seriously and how to really capitalize on getting better.”  	He also used his professional career as an opportunity to pick his dad’s brain. As a former athlete himself, LaFleur was more than qualified — and more than happy — to dole out advice to his son on how to make the most of his opportunity.  	“I just wanted to get his point of view — he’s been through this type of lifestyle where you’re on the road all the time and you’re traveling and you’re dealing with different types of players and different places, and you’re dealing with money,” Sacre said. “Just to get his side of the story, and learn how to be a professional and how to carry yourself around the league is important. I took everything he said and I used it to better myself.”   	The relationship between LaFleur and Sacre that blossomed during Sacre’s senior season at Gonzaga continued to flourish during Sacre’s first year with the Lakers. LaFleur traveled to Los Angeles twice, in November and again in January, to see his son play. He also saw him on Lakers road trips to Washington, Philadelphia and Atlanta.  	“Although he’s 7-feet-tall, you still look at him like, ‘Man, that’s my son playing out there,’” LaFleur said of watching Sacre. “It’s hard to describe the feeling. It’s a joyful feeling.”  	During one Lakers trip to New Orleans in March, Sacre’s entire family, including his grandparents, came down from Ville Platte to watch. Sacre played just four minutes and didn’t score any points, but that didn’t matter.  	“I really appreciated them coming out and showing all the love they did,” Sacre said. “They’ve been wonderful, and I love them to death. They’ve always helped me out when I needed help, and I can’t say anything bad about my grandparents and my family in Louisiana. Even though they don’t like my tattoos, they’ll always love me.”  	Sacre hasn’t been back to Ville Platte since the draft, but he has plans to visit some family, including LaFleur, in his hometown in July. That’ll give him yet another opportunity to bond with his dad — and his dad another chance to grow closer with his grandson, too.  	“He’s growing, man,” LaFleur said of Quinton. “It’s hard to believe. He’s not quite 2-years-old yet, but he looks like a grown man. And like his dad, he loves that basketball.”  	The tale of Sacre and LaFleur’s bond sort of feels like the perfect ending to one of the most imperfect father-son stories you’ll hear during NBA Draft Week. LaFleur’s opportunity to catch up with Sacre didn’t come under the perfect set of circumstances, but sometimes that choice isn’t left up to you.  	LaFleur is continuing to make the best of a bad situation, and he’s still trying to piece his own life back together. But as he prepares for his long-awaited opportunity at redemption, he’s also content reveling in the success and love of those around him.  	“I’ve been really privileged to have the dad that I’ve had,” Sacre said of LaFleur. “It has been a blessing in disguise for the fact that my dad and I, we’ve gotten a lot closer since the incident happened. We’ve created a bond more so than ever before.  	“You’re never going to have a great relationship all the time with your parents, and that’s just life. But to know that they love you and they’ll support you, that’s all that matters.”  	And certainly, LaFleur would say the same.  You can follow Sam Gardner on Twitter or e-mail him at samgardnerfox@gmail.com.  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Chris Tillman, right, is congratulated at the end of his sixth hitless inning pitched of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays Saturday, April 2, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. Tillman was removed from the game. MoreChris Tillman held Tampa Bay hitless for six innings and Nick Markakis made a leaping catch at the wall in the ninth to preserve the Baltimore Orioles' 3-1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Saturday night.Tillman lost his bid for a no-hitter when manager Buck Showalter lifted him after the 22-year-old right-hander threw 101 pitches. B.J. Upton lined a two-out single off Jeremy Accardo (1-0) for Tampa Bay's first hit with two outs in the seventh.Brian Roberts snapped a scoreless tie with a three-run homer in the eighth. Roberts drove in two runs with a triple in Baltimore's 4-1 season-opening victory on Friday night. 
3 View photosDetroit Tigers' Will Rhymes, right, steals second against Baltimore Orioles second baseman Brian Roberts, left, during the first inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 4, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreOn an afternoon when the Detroit Tigers fielded a team with several sick players, a loss to the Baltimore Orioles made everyone feel worse.Brian Roberts hit a three-run homer, Jake Arrieta and two relievers frustrated Detroit's hitters, and the Orioles won their home opener 5-1 Monday.Will Rhymes drove in the lone run for the Tigers, who arrived after dropping two of three at Yankee Stadium. Detroit doesn't begin the home portion of its schedule until Friday.Arrieta (1-0) allowed one run and six hits in six innings while working against a lineup operating at less than peak efficiency."We just didn't do much offensively," manager Jim Leyland said. "Without making an alibi, we had two or three guys throwing up during the game, sick. ... I certainly don't want to downplay the fact their guy pitched good. I don't mean that. It was just a little rough for some of the guys."Including slugger Miguel Cabrera, who went 0 for 4. Detroit's cleanup hitter stranded a runner at second in the first inning, left runners at second and third in the third, flied out with a man on in the fifth and grounded out leading off the eighth."I have no excuse. I am going to play and do my best," said Cabrera, adding that he vomited twice while at the ballpark."He was sick as a dog," Leyland noted.With the score tied at 1 in the fifth, Felix Pie walked and went to third on a double by J.J. Hardy before Roberts hit a 1-2 pitch from Rick Porcello (0-1) over the wall in right-center. Roberts has Baltimore's only two home runs this season and has a team-high eight RBIs."Roberts hit a big home run down in Tampa and he hit another one today," Leyland said.Detroit pitchers have yielded 10 homers in 33 innings this season."That's been our nemesis so far, obviously," Leyland said. "A home run with a couple of guys on, that's hurt us in all of our games really up to this point."With a crowd of 46,593 looking on, the Orioles continued their solid play under manager Buck Showalter. Baltimore went 34-23 after Showalter took over last year, and the offseason acquisitions of Derrek Lee, Vladimir Guerrero, Hardy and Mark Reynolds have Orioles fans hopeful that the team's run of 13 straight losing seasons will end in 2011.The players are starting to think that way, too."We're aware of the talent we have," Arrieta said. "If we go out there and pitch and keep our team in the game, it's only a matter of time before we put some runs on the board. Somebody's going to have the hot hand."After Roberts' homer, Nick Markakis got his third hit, a double, and Matt Wieters delivered a two-out RBI single for a 5-1 lead.Jason Berken followed with two innings of one-hit relief and Koji Uehara pitched the ninth.Porcello yielded five runs, nine hits and a walk in five innings."He wasn't great, but he was OK," Leyland said.Baltimore went up 1-0 in the second inning when Wieters hit a leadoff double and scored on Porcello's two-out wild pitch.Detroit pulled even in the third. After Brandon Inge doubled and scored on a single by Rhymes, Cabrera flied out with two outs and two on.The Tigers got only two runners in scoring position the rest of the way.NOTES: Former Orioles manager Earl Weaver threw out the ceremonial first pitch to Showalter. ... RF Magglio Ordonez started for Detroit after missing Sunday's game with a sore right ankle. He snapped an 0-for-9 start with a fifth-inning single. ... Baltimore is 38-20 in home openers, including 5-0 against Detroit. ... Orioles pitcher Jeremy Guthrie was hospitalized Monday with a high fever and will be replaced by Brad Bergesen as the starter Wednesday. 
3 Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie (46) delivers a third inning pitch to the Tampa Bay Rays during an MLB baseball game Friday, April 1, 2011 in St. Petersburg, Fla. MoreOrioles pitcher Jeremy Guthrie was hospitalized Monday with a high fever that will force him to miss his scheduled start Wednesday against the Detroit Tigers.Guthrie began running a fever on Sunday and entered the hospital after his temperature started to rise."Our doctor felt like it was a form of pneumonia," manager Buck Showalter said after Baltimore beat the Detroit Tigers 5-1 on Monday.Guthrie was absent at Baltimore's home opener, an indication of just how bad he felt."For (Guthrie) not to make the introductions, he is pretty ill," Showalter said. "They are going to keep him overnight tonight."Guthrie's illness forced Showalter to make yet another adjustment to his starting rotation. Brad Bergesen will start Wednesday in place of Guthrie, whom the Orioles hope to have back on April 10.Left-hander Brian Matusz, the No. 2 pitcher in the rotation, missed his first start and was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a rib injury.Guthrie (1-0) started on opening day and blanked Tampa Bay for eight innings in a 4-1 victory. He has been one of the Orioles' most sturdy pitchers over the past four seasons, working in 32 games in 2007, 30 in 2008, 33 in 2009 and 32 last year.Meanwhile, left fielder Luke Scott was kept out of the starting lineup for a second straight day with a strained groin. The injury occurred Saturday night at Tampa Bay.He did not play Monday, but Showalter said Scott could have been used as a pinch hitter if necessary. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Orioles Stay Perfect With Win Over Tigers  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSAPRIL 5, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Brian Roberts hit a three-run homer and Jake Arrieta allowed one run in six innings as Baltimore improved to 4-0 before a capacity crowd in its home opener.The Orioles, who began the season with a three-game sweep of the Tampa Bay Rays, are off to their best start since 1997. They have outscored the competition by 17-4.Roberts’s home run, off Rick Porcello (0-1), broke a 1-1 tie in the fifth. Roberts has Baltimore’s only two home runs this season.“He’s got a feel for being able to challenge the moment,” said Manager Buck Showalter, who led the Orioles to a 34-23 finish last season after he took over in August. (AP) Photo       The Orioles' Matt Wieters scored in the eighth on a wild pitch by Rick Porcello, center. Baltimore won its homer opener, 5-1, and is 4-0.  Credit             Rob Carr/Getty Images           RANGERS 6, MARINERS 4 Host Texas’ Nelson Cruz became the third player to homer in the first four games, joining Willie Mays (1971) and Mark McGwire (1998). The Rangers (4-0) have their best start since 1996. (AP) Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      PIRATES 4, CARDINALS 3 Pittsburgh’s Charlie Morton, who allowed one run in six innings, won his first road game since the end of 2009. In a span of four pitches in the sixth inning, St. Louis starter Kyle Lohse gave up four runs on a walk, Neil Walker’s two-run double and Andrew McCutchen’s two-run homer. (AP)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  BRAVES 2, BREWERS 1 Martin Prado and Dan Uggla homered off Takashi Saito in the eighth inning, rallying Atlanta from a 1-0 deficit and spoiling Milwaukee’s home opener. Uggla’s homer, with two outs, hit off the top of the wall in left center and bounced over. (AP) [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    CUBS 4, D’BACKS 1 Host Chicago’s Randy Wells pitched six shutout innings after allowing a leadoff homer to Willie Bloomquist, and Alfonso Soriano hit a homer and a run-scoring single. (AP)GUTHRIE IN HOSPITAL Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie was hospitalized with a fever that will force him to miss his start Wednesday against Detroit. Guthrie began running a fever Sunday and went into a hospital after his temperature rose. Brad Bergesen will start in his place. (AP)AROUND THE MAJORS Milwaukee pitcher Zack Greinke is expected to throw from the mound this week as he recovers from a cracked rib sustained while he played basketball this spring. Greinke, a former Cy Young Award winner with Kansas City, will miss at least three starts. ... The former San Diego Padres third baseman Kevin Mitchell, who also played for the Mets, was sentenced to three years of probation for attacking a man on a Southern California golf course in Southern California last year. ... St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Matt Holliday, who had an appendectomy last week, may return by the weekend. (AP)  A version of this article appears in print on April 5, 2011, on Page B14 of the New York edition with the headline: ORIOLES 5, TIGERS 1.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
2   BALTIMORE (AP) — Buck Showalter is at it again. After guiding the last-place Baltimore Orioles to a 34-23 finish last season, Showalter warned that it would be foolish to expect a carry-over into this year. And now, in the wake of Baltimore’s 4-0 start, he is again calling for the team’s long-suffering fans to temper their enthusiasm with a bit of perspective. Showalter, who has managed the New York Yankees, Arizona Diamondbacks and Texas Rangers, can’t remember if he ever before won four in a row to start a season. “I can tell you what the records were at the end of the year … You’ve had periods with 100 wins when you lost four or five in a row and with 95 losses when you’ve won four or five in a row,” he said. “So you try to get a grip on reality. It’s tough to do sometimes.” Especially for a franchise that has been so bad for so long. The Orioles haven’t been 4-0 since 1997, when they remained in first place in the AL East for the entire year. That also happens to be the last time Baltimore had a winning season. So it’s understandable if the Orioles and their fans prefer to live in an alternate universe in which Baltimore stands atop the tough AL East. And even if it doesn’t last deep into the summer, there’s always the hope that this could be the year the Orioles end their franchise-record streak of losing seasons. “It’s fun to be part of this team right now,” said Jake Arrieta, a member of Baltimore’s promising young starting rotation. “I’m just real excited about the direction we’re going.” Despite Showalter’s effort to downplay Baltimore’s resurgence, the Orioles have become a better team since his arrival last August. A year ago, under manager Dave Trembley, the Orioles started 2-16 and never climbed out of last place. Baltimore didn’t win its fourth game until April 27 and was 32-73 when Showalter replaced interim manager Juan Samuel, who stepped in for Trembley on June 4. Showalter became the first manager since 1900 to take over a team in August or later and garner more wins than the team had before his arrival. And, despite his assertion that one season doesn’t necessarily bleed into the next, the Orioles have picked up where they left off. In sweeping the defending AL East-champion Tampa Bay Rays and defeating Detroit in the home opener Monday, Baltimore never trailed and allowed only one run in each game. “I think it started in spring training,” newcomer Derrek Lee said. “I thought we played pretty good baseball, and it just carried over the first four games.” Baltimore entered its first off day Tuesday as one of only four unbeaten teams, along with Philadelphia, Cincinnati and Texas. The Orioles are the only one in the bunch that didn’t make the playoffs last season. “It’s always nice to get off to a good start,” shortstop J.J. Hardy said. “I think it takes away a lot of pressure. We’re having a lot of fun right now.” In an effort to build upon the team’s strong finish last year, Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail aggressively addressed several weaknesses during the offseason. He added punch to the lineup by trading for Hardy and third baseman Mark Reynolds and signing free agents Lee and Vladimir Guerrero. “We got a lineup top to bottom that anybody on any given day can take you deep and drive in four or five runs,” center fielder Adam Jones said. “That’s pretty hard to defend.” MacPhail also shored up the bullpen with free agent closer Kevin Gregg. But the biggest reason behind Baltimore’s 4-0 start is an inexperienced, makeshift starting rotation. Jeremy Guthrie launched the season with eight shutout innings in Tampa Bay, and 22-year-old Chris Tillman followed by pitching six innings of no-hit ball. Emergency starter Zach Britton then allowed one run and six hits in six innings in his major league debut Sunday, and Arrieta continued the trend by scattering six hits over six innings Monday against a Detroit team that scored 19 runs in three games at Yankee Stadium. “I think we all feed off each other,” said Arrieta, who went 6-6 as a rookie last year. “With each quality outing, we all continue to get better when we see our teammates pitching that well.” Baltimore starters have an 0.69 ERA, and that’s with Brian Matusz and Justin Duchscherer on the disabled list. Britton filled in nicely for Matusz, and Brad Bergesen has been asked to replace Guthrie (fever) on Wednesday against the Tigers. That’s the kind of depth that has been missing in Baltimore for years. In addition, the Orioles have averaged over four runs a game despite slow starts by Lee (.214), Reynolds (.200), Guerrero (.125) and Jones (.125). But Hardy, the last man in the lineup, has scored four runs; leadoff hitter Brian Roberts has two homers and eight RBIs; and No. 2 hitter Nick Markakis is batting .429. “We’ve been OK. I think we can be a little bit better,” Lee said. “Brian has basically been our offense so far. I think we’ll get some other guys get hot. When we all start clicking on all cylinders, I think we’ll be really good.” Detroit manager Jim Leyland is already impressed. “They’re pitching good,” he said. “They have a lot of things going for them right now.” (Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)   var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles manger Buck Showalter looks on during the ninth inning of a Major League Baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays, Sunday, April 3, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. MoreBuck Showalter warned Baltimore Orioles fans that the team's strong finish last season would not guarantee success this season.And yet, the Orioles have picked up where they left off in 2010.Baltimore is off to a 4-0 start for the first time since 1997, the last year the team had a winning record. After 13 straight losing seasons, the Orioles can't help but get excited about their early success.Pitcher Jake Arrieta says it's fun to be a part of the team right now, and he's optimistic that Baltimore can remain competitive in the tough AL East.The biggest reason for Baltimore's impressive start is a young, makeshift starting rotation. Orioles starters have an 0.69 ERA this season, and Baltimore has allowed only one run in each game. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Great Pitching, Greater Expectations for Phillies    Sports of The Times  By                       GEORGE VECSEY   APRIL 6, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        PHILADELPHIAIt was just a joke. When the Phillies acquired their fourth star pitcher in December, the word went forth that they should never lose a game this year, should go 162-0. But that was just a way of putting them on the spot, letting them know the whole baseball world was watching.The Phillies are now 4-1 after hammering the Mets, 10-7, on Wednesday night as the Mets’ ace-by-default, Mike Pelfrey, and the Phillies’ fifth starter, Joe Blanton, were both knocked out of the game early. Anybody who knows anything about this daily and leavening sport knew that lurking early in April was just such a game as Tuesday night’s. Cole Hamels, who would be an ace for some teams we could mention, could not get out of the third inning in a 7-1 loss to the Mets, after the Phillies had won their first three games.Hamels could not get a grip on the ball or on himself, giving up six hits and six runs in that brutal inning and leaving to yowls of anguish from the sellout crowd of 45,365. The Phillies have some injuries and resultant holes in their lineup, but the locals seemed to believe the propaganda that the Phillies should never lose a game this season, and they were not happy.This is what happens when the fervent people of Philadelphia are handed high expectations by General Manager Ruben Amaro Jr., who reacquired Cliff Lee in December to go along with Hamels and Roy Halladay and Roy Oswalt. These audacious and expensive moves gave baseball fans cause to imagine the best pitching staff of this time, perhaps matching great staffs of other ages. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “What a shame; I feel bad for Charlie,” Mets Manager Terry Collins said before Tuesday’s game, talking about Charlie Manuel, the Phillies’ down-home manager.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Collins praised Hamels, saying, “He’s a good pitcher,” then added: “So’s the guy tomorrow. He’d be two or three on some staffs.” He was talking about Blanton, who would be blasted out in the fifth inning Wednesday night. Handed a 7-0 lead after three innings, Blanton gave it all back in the next two innings and finished with no decision.Everybody agrees the Phillies are loaded. Their staff reminds baseball people of some great staffs they have seen, or studied in a record book. Collins compared this staff to the Atlanta Braves’ staff of Greg Maddux, John Smoltz, Tom Glavine and Steve Avery in the mid-’90s. The first three went on to produce careers worthy of Hall of Fame consideration, but Avery was hurt early. “When he was healthy, he was the best of them,” Collins said.Other people are reminded of the Baltimore Orioles in 1971, when Dave McNally won 21 games and Jim Palmer, Pat Dobson and Mike Cuellar each won 20, the second staff in baseball to accomplish that. For all that, the Orioles won the pennant but lost the World Series to Pittsburgh in seven games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The only other team with four 20-game winners was the 1920 White Sox, the year after their intentional loss in the 1919 World Series and the year before the banishment of eight of them. In 1920, Red Faber won 23, Dickie Kerr won 21, and the two disgraced pitchers, Lefty Williams and Eddie Cicotte, won 22 and 21, and never pitched again. Photo       The Phillies' Cole Hamels left for an early shower during the Mets' six-run third inning on Tuesday night.  Credit             Drew Hallowell/Getty Images           Palmer is just down the coast from here, broadcasting for the Orioles. People ask him about these Phillies. In those rudimentary times, the Orioles and their fans and even the news media — such as it was — did not gush about instant legends as easily as we do today, possibly because the salaries did not inspire exaggeration or comparison.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I don’t think we ever took anybody lightly, whether it was April or October,” Palmer said in a telephone message. The Orioles did not have much time to get giddy over their collective grandness, not with Manager Earl Weaver pecking away at them.“I don’t think we ever thought of each other as 1-2-3-4,” Palmer said, adding that the pitchers did try to outdo each other. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    The first three pitchers in the Phillies’ rotation are far too dour to indulge in much discussion about their collective talent. Hamels, 27, is a little more comfortable with public discourse. He stood around long after his sloppy outing Tuesday night and admitted he was pretty bad.His performance was the opposite of his three teammates, who in the first three games walked one batter in their first 19 innings (the slacker was Oswalt). Throwing strikes was just the way to start the season, Manuel said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “You don’t need a lot of time,” Manuel said, “meaning the game moves right along. The defense is always ready, and that’s a good thing. You’re more alert when he’s not going 3-2 on every batter. You sit there. It’ll kill a game. It’s a game of momentum.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Both managers talked about the competitiveness of major leaguers. Collins, who managed the Angels in 1997, 1998 and 1999, recalled how “we couldn’t wait to face Clemens.” He said, “He still struck out 16, but we loved to hit against him.”And Manuel, a marginal major league hitter, said he enjoyed hitting against the best pitchers, although he could not remember terrorizing any superstars. It was just the challenge of it.A few hours before game time, while he was still undefeated, Manuel praised the Mets, who have become back benchers in this division because of the rise of the Phillies.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  He praised their pitchers and their hitters, particularly David Wright, who then went out and got four hits against Hamels. Manuel knew there would be nights like this. Given the talent, it is his job to make sure there won’t be many of them.  E-mail: geovec@nytimes.com A version of this article appears in print on April 7, 2011, on Page B17 of the New York edition with the headline: Great Pitching, Greater Expectations.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          METS 7, PHILLIES 1   Mets’ Young Pitches and Hits With Success in Debut APRIL 5, 2011          Soreness Jeopardizes Bay’s Quick Return to Mets APRIL 5, 2011                           Sports of The Times A collection of columns offering opinion and analysis from the world of sports.                                          From Combine to Draft, N.F.L. Prospects Are Treated Like Pieces of Meat             APR 27                                         Without Dale Earnhardt Jr., Nascar Faces an Uncertain Future             APR 25                                         Knicks vs. 76ers: A Battle of Losing Philosophies             APR 13                                         Matt Harvey Is No Longer the Alpha Dog, but Still Has Bite             APR 7                                         Patrick Ewing’s Most Important Recruits: Local A.A.U. Coaches             APR 6       See More »       
6  Tonight's game was just a little different from the first four games the Orioles played this year. Starting pitcher Brad Bergesen was very ineffective, lasting just 3.2 innings while Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander shut the Orioles down on four  hits through eight innings. The end result was the O's first loss of the year, giving them a 4-1 record. I guess that means they'll only have 129 wins this year. I guess I can live with that. Let's get the ugliness out of the way first, shall we? Brad Bergesen, making a spot start for the ill Jeremy Guthrie, did not have his best day. While his velocity looked pretty good he just could not locate his pitches. A ground ball artist on his good days, Bergy couldn't keep his pitches down (or in the strike zone). He only walked two batters, but went to a three-ball count on six of the eighteen batters he faced. In his 3.2 innings he threw 89 pitches and induced just one ground ball. It was just a poor showing for Bergy. It was obvious from the get-go that Bergesen didn't have his pitches working for him. After retiring Austin Jackson to start things off, he walked Will Rhymes (best Will name this side of Will Startup), which brought Magglio Ordonez to the plate. Ordonez hit a bullet but luckily it was an easy catch for Adam Jones in centerfield. Will Rhymes helped the O's out by completely misreading the ball and taking off for second. Jones was able to double him up easily.      Bergesen wouldn't get so lucky in the second inning as shoddy defense combined with his poor pitching spelled disaster. He got the first two outs (retiring Miguel Cabrera and Victor Martinez) but things went downhill from there. Brennan Boesch hit a pop-up to shallow right field that should have been caught for the final out of the inning, but as Brian Roberts ranged out and Nick Markakis ran in there was a bit of confusion and the ball deflected off of Brian's glove. He was charged with the error but Nick really needed to take charge of that ball. This is the second time in the young season that Nick has been tentative in calling off an infielder as nearly the same thing happened last Sunday in Tampa Bay. Get it together, Nicky! So instead of getting out of the inning, Bergesen had to face Jhonny (sp) Peralta, who he walked, then catcher Alex Avila hit a ball high off of the scoreboard in right field. He just missed the HR but did clear the bases, giving Bergesen two unearned runs in the inning. Bergy escaped the third inning with just a single, although Miguel Cabrera killed a ball with two outs that happened to go right to J.J. Hardy at shortstop. Sadly, Bergy would not survive the fourth inning, allowing two more runs and getting just two outs. With two outs and Victor Martinez on base, Alex Avila came to bat. Ok, I think I need to tell you all something. You know, just to get it off my chest. Before the game started I said to the person sitting next to me in the press box that despite the fact that Victor Martinez isn't a great catcher by any means, it might be worth the trade-off to have his bat at that position instead of Alex Avila. This, of course, came back to haunt me and after this particular at-bat by Avila I got told by said press box person that I'm a jinx. So, sorry about that guys. Back to Avila. On a 2-2 pitch, he launched a ball to right field. It was absolutely a two-run HR, no doubt about it. That made the score 4-0 in favor of the Tigers and after Brandon Inge followed Avila's HR with a double down the right field line, Buck Showalter had seen enough of Bergy. His final line: 3.2 IP, 5 H, 4 R, 2 ER, 2 BB, 2 K. Replacing Bergesen was right handed pitcher Josh Rupe. On the surface Rupe had a tough day, but the fact is he ponied up three innings of relief that could make a difference later this week. I give him credit for that. I might even say it was a little bit Birdland. But what did he actually do, you ask? He retired Austin Jackson to end the fourth inning, for starters.Raise your hand if you think that Miguel Cabrera is a much, much better baseball player than Josh Rupe. How about Victor Martinez? Well, Rupe gave up back-to-back home runs to those two guys. Yeah, it would have been better if he didn't. But I mean, honestly. Am I getting upset over that? Compared to all the other stuff that happened in this game? Eh. With two outs in the seventh inning, Rupe had done all that he could. After a single to Ordonez and a walk to Cabrera, he was relieved by Mike Gonzalez. I know Rupe got a lot of, um, crap, in the gamethread, but I stand by the fact that he really wasn't so bad considering. Gonzo retired V-Mart on a fly ball to left to end the inning but looked just terrible in the 8th. Ryan Raburn doubled to left to start the inning against him, and the ball was smoked, bouncing into the stands for an automatic double. Peralta flied out to Adam Jones in center, but that ball was also hit very well and Adam made a very nice catch (he had a couple beauties out there tonight). Rayburn tagged up and went to third on the play. He'd score on a single by Avila (I'm sorry, ok?) for the Tigers' seventh run on the day, fifth knocked in by Avila. Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth inning and while he didn't allow any runs, he did give up two hits and looked kinda crappy. Are you surprised? No, me neither. All this talk about the pitching! What about the hitting, you say? Yeah...about that. Justin Verlander dominated the Orioles tonight, allowing just four hits in eight innings. He walked two and struck out nine. Verlander retired the O's in order in the first, second, and third innings, and started the fourth with a three pitch strikeout of Brian Roberts. His perfect game was broken up by Nick Markakis, though, who drew a walk. Derrek Lee, who hasn't done much in an O's uniform yet this season, launched a pitch to right field for a flag court home run. It cut the Tigers lead in half at 4-2, and Vladimir Guerrero followed Lee's HR with a single past the diving shortstop Peralta, but Verlander struck out Adam Jones and Matt Wieters to stop the threat. Verlander would allow one more run, this one in the sixth inning. Brian Roberts again led off and Verlander started him 0-2, but then gave Brian four straight balls for the O's second walk of the night. Verlander was very preoccupied with Brian throwing over to first five times during Markakis, Lee, and Vlad's at-bats. Brian finally got his chance with two outs and Guerrero at the plate, taking off for second and making all of Birdland cringe with his headfirst slide into second. He was safe, though, and scored on a single to right by Vlad. The throw home got away from Avila and Vlad lumbered down to second but was thrown out. He looked safe in the replay but man, watching him run is just painful. That'd be it for the O's offense, other than a Felix Pie single in the 8th. Joaquin Benoit pitched a perfect ninth for the Tigers, cementing the loss. The O's will try to win the rubber match tomorrow as Chris Tillman will try to out pitch Brad Penny.  
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Machado's trip through Orioles' farm system could be a quick oneShortstop prospect slated to start in Delmarva on Thursday seems destined for Baltimore sooner rather than laterApril 06, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunSARASOTA, Fla. — — Orioles officials talked about Manny Machado this spring mostly in measured tones, as if they were trying to keep something that was painfully obvious a secret. But all it took was to watch the 18-year-old shortstop effortlessly glide to his left to field a ground ball, or stand in the batter's box and lace line drives into the gap to reach this conclusion: "Some people just look like they belong on the baseball field. Manny Machado looks like he belongs on a baseball field," said Brian Graham, the Orioles coordinator of minor league instruction. var adSkipCounter = 0;  The minor league season gets underway for most of the Orioles' affiliates on Thursday, and the clear headliner will be Machado, the third overall pick in 2010 out of Brito High School in Miami. Machado will start the season for Single-A Delmarva, but those who saw him play this spring are already imagining how quickly he could move through the system. That process will start Thursday as Machado plays his first game for the Shorebirds at Arthur W. Perdue Stadium against Greensboro. "Obviously, you have a goal and my goal is to get up there as soon as possible, but I'm just out here trying to play," said Machado, the Orioles' most heralded prospect since catcher Matt Wieters. "I'm not really looking at ending the season at Double-A or whatever it is. My goal right now is just to play baseball and hopefully win down there — try to change this around, get in the playoffs and just play hard and do my job." Machado, ranked as the 14th-best prospect in baseball by Baseball America, has done little to diminish the weighty expectations placed on him after agreeing to a $5.25 million signing bonus last August. In seven games for short-season Single-A Aberdeen last year, he went 10-for-29 (.345) with a double, triple and three RBIs. At a scaled-down instructional league for some of the organization's top prospects at Camden Yards late last season, Machado impressed former Orioles infielder and current roving coach Mike Bordick with his ability to pick things up quickly, and his eagerness to fit in. Official statistics for minor league spring training games are not available, but Machado did something on a daily basis this spring that left a coach or teammate shaking their head. "In all the years that I've been playing, I've never seen somebody swing the bat the way he does, or look so smooth defensively like he does," said minor league second baseman L.J. Hoes, a third-round pick in 2008 who is now the Orioles' fourth-best prospect according to Baseball America. "He's an 18-year-old-kid coming up in professional baseball. I remember how I was. For him, it seems that he is already at the point where I am now, just slowing the game down, being able to see different things, being able to see different plays. To me, he looks like a Double-A or Triple-A hitter right now. If he continues to work hard and continues to keep his head, I think you'll see him in Baltimore pretty soon." Knowing how much hype and unfair expectations were bestowed on Wieters, Orioles officials have seemingly made an effort to deflect attention off of the multi-tooled shortstop who batted .639 with 12 homers and 17 steals as a senior at Brito High and then hit .367 this past summer in helping lead the USA National Team to a gold medal at the Pan American Junior Championship. When the Orioles brought Machado up for a couple of Grapefruit League games this spring, manager Buck Showalter made sure not to single him out, mostly talking about the group summoned to the big league roster as a whole. Asked for his impressions on what he saw from Machado this spring, Orioles director of amateur scouting Joe Jordan simply smiled and attempted to change the subject. Team officials want to see how Machado handles the rigors of playing every day and dealing with a longer season. They want him to improve things like his baserunning and his two-strike approach, and they want to see how he handles some inevitable struggles and slumps that every young player goes through. "This game is failure," Machado said. "If you don't fail, if you don't know how to deal with failure, you shouldn't play. You have three hits in 10 at-bats, you are hitting .300 but you fail seven times." Machado, who is an impressive 6 feet 2, 185 pounds, worked out at the University of Miami this offseason with several major leaguers, including New York Yankees star third baseman Alex Rodriguez. Machado idolized Rodriguez, also a former Miami prep standout, growing up, and some aspects of his game have garnered comparisons to the three-time American League Most Valuable Player.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles second baseman Brian Jones, center, misses a fly ball hit by Detroit Tigers Brennan Boesch as right fielder Nick Markakis backs him up during the second inning of a baseball game Wednesday, April 6, 2011 in Baltimore, Md. Roberts was charged with an error on the play. MoreAlex Avila homered and had a career-high five RBIs to back an effective pitching performance by Justin Verlander, and the Detroit Tigers ended the Baltimore Orioles' unbeaten run with a 7-3 victory Wednesday night.Miguel Cabrera and Victor Martinez also connected for the Tigers, who became the first team this season to score more than one run against Baltimore.Derrek Lee hit his first homer with the Orioles and Vladimir Guerrero got his first RBI. But Baltimore came up short in a bid to match the franchise-record 5-0 start of the 1970 squad that went on to win the World Series. 
4 The O’s (5-1) head into a tough series against the Rangers (6-0) on a great win last night.  However, the Rangers are on fire, still undefeated, and really good. Can the O’s prove to be a tough team and get at least a win out of this series? Let’s take a look.Pitching Match-UpsFriday April 8Orioles- Zach Britton, he was called up from the minors last Saturday to pitch against the Rays due to Matusz being put on the DL.  He pitched 6 innings allowing only 3 hits and 1 run with a 1.50 ERA and he got the win.  To me, he is looking to be the O’s ace in the next few years.Rangers- Colby Lewis, so far this season he pitched 6 innings allowing 6 hits and 3 runs with a 4.50 ERA.  Last year, he went 12-13 with a 3.72 ERA.Saturday April 9Orioles- Jake Arrieta, in his first game this season he pitched 6 innings allowing 6 hits but only one run.  Last year, he went 6-6 with a 4.66 ERA.Rangers- Matt Harrison, in his first game of the season, he pitched 7 innings and only allowed one run on 5 hits.  Last year, he went 3-2 with a 4.71 ERA.  This looks to be a very good pitching match-up!Sunday April 10Orioles- This is tricky.  Guthrie is scheduled to start and should be able to so I’m going to assume he is.  When he pitched opening night against the Rays, he had a brilliant game pitching 8 innings allowing 3 hits but no runs.Rangers- Derek Holland, he’s pitched for 6 innings this season giving up 7 hits and 3 runs.Last year he went 3-4 with a 4.08 ERA.Who’s Hot/Who’s ColdHot Orioles:Well, this is tough. There’s a lot of them because of last night.Brian Roberts, he has 8 RBIs, two 3-run homers, and has been on base in every game of the season (5 out of 6 games he has a hit).Vlad Guerrero hit his first home run last night as well as hitting an RBI single.Adam Jones has had a slow start, but he’s coming alive.  Last night he hit a 2-run homer as well as scoring another run.Hot Rangers:Pretty much all of them.  The lowest amount of runs they have scored in a game has been 3 whereas their highest number of runs scored in a game is 12.Nelson Cruz is batting .350 right now and has 4 home runs from his first 4 games already on the season.Cold Orioles:Matt Wieters didn’t get on base at all last night, despite having a pretty good start to the season.  Derrek Lee, though he hit his first home run Wednesday, he’s only batting .182.  Lee needs to up his On Base Percentage (.280) at the number 3 spot so Guerrero can do his job at the clean-up spot.Cold Rangers:Adrian Beltre is only batting .125 right now and Josh Hamilton has yet to hit a home run this season even though he hit 32 last season.With all of that being said, this looks to be a very exciting series with two of the best teams in the American League so far.  The O’s look to hand the Rangers their first loss of the season and prevent them from going 7-0 (the last team to do this was the Rangers in 1996). 
3 View photosDetroit Tigers center fielder Austin Jackson leaps but is unable to catch a home run hit by Baltimore Orioles Vladimir Guerrero during the second inning of a baseball game Thursday, April 7, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreAdam Jones homered and drove in three runs, Mark Reynolds also had three RBIs, and the Baltimore Orioles used a five-run seventh inning to beat the Detroit Tigers 9-5 Thursday night.Vladimir Guerrero hit his first home run with the Orioles, who rebounded from deficits of 2-0, 4-2 and 5-4.Baltimore took two of three from the Tigers after opening the season with a three-game sweep in Tampa Bay. The Orioles didn't win their second series last year until May 13.Alex Avila homered for the Tigers, who host Kansas City on Friday after going 2-4 on the road to open the season.Baltimore sent 10 batters to the plate in the seventh. After Brian Roberts and Nick Markakis reached against Brad Thomas (0-1), Guerrero singled in a run off Enrique Gonzalez and Jones hit a sacrifice fly for a 6-5 lead. Reynolds followed with a two-run double and Cesar Izturis capped the uprising with an RBI single. 
3 View photosDetroit Tigers pitcher Enrique Gonzales walks to the dugout after giving up four runs to the Baltimore Orioles during the seventh inning of a baseball game Thursday, April 7, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreThe Detroit Tigers couldn't pack their bags fast enough after ending their opening road trip with a disappointing defeat.The Tigers received another lackluster performance from their pitching staff Thursday night in a 9-5 loss to the Baltimore Orioles, a setback that left Detroit with a 2-4 record and took a bit of the luster off Friday's long-awaited home opener against Kansas City."We were looking to get home at .500 and we had a shot at that tonight and we let it get away," Tigers manager Jim Leyland said. "We played six games and we're 2-4. That's what we deserve to be. (Friday), we'll try to make it 3-4. If we pitch well, we'll have a shot."Detroit headed home with a staff ERA of 7.02. After starter Brad Penny failed to get through the sixth inning, three relievers were touched for five runs in the pivotal seventh inning.Alex Avila homered for the Tigers, who blew leads of 2-0, 4-2 and 5-4."This team battled and we had a chance to win that game," Penny said. "I let it go in the sixth and it kind of snowballed from there. This team is going to hit. Once we start pitching, it's going to be a fun year."Adam Jones homered and drove in three runs, Mark Reynolds also had three RBIs, and Vladimir Guerrero hit his first homer as a member of the Orioles."Anybody on any given night can be a hero," said Jones, who came in batting .105. "Tonight Guerrero had two RBIs, I had a few and Reynolds had a few. ... Just imagine if all nine of us are doing it in one night."Baltimore took two of three from the Tigers after opening the season with a three-game sweep in Tampa Bay. The Orioles didn't win their second series last year until May 13 and didn't capture consecutive series until after manager Buck Showalter arrived in August.Baltimore sent 10 batters to the plate in the seventh. After Brian Roberts and Nick Markakis reached against Brad Thomas (0-1), Guerrero singled in a run off Enrique Gonzalez and Jones hit a sacrifice fly for a 6-5 lead. Reynolds followed with a two-run double and Cesar Izturis capped the uprising with an RBI single.Jim Johnson (1-0) pitched 1 2-3 innings of one-hit relief for Baltimore.Avila, who had a homer and four RBIs on Wednesday night, again played a starring role for the Tigers. Besides hitting a fifth-inning homer, he began the seventh with a walk off Jeremy Accardo and scored on Austin Jackson's double to left to put Detroit up 5-4.The lead quickly vanished in the bottom half.After throwing six innings of no-hit ball on Saturday at Tampa Bay, Orioles starter Chris Tillman gave up four runs and six hits over 4 2-3 innings in his follow-up performance. The contrast was evident at the outset, when Jackson, Detroit's leadoff hitter, got the first of four singles in a two-run first."This is a guy who didn't give up a hit in his last start," Leyland said. "I thought we did a pretty good job on him. One more killer blow there, another base hit (in the first inning), might have changed things. We still had our shot. We had a 2-0 lead and a 4-2 lead."Baltimore pulled even in the second. After Guerrero homered to straightaway center, Jones beat out a bunt, stole second and scored on a single by Reynolds.The Tigers went up 4-2 with a two-run fifth. Avila got it started with a drive over the right-field wall, Will Rhymes walked with two outs and Brennan Boesch chased Tillman with a double to right-center.In the Baltimore sixth, Luke Scott doubled with one out and Jones followed with his first home run of the season to chase Penny.NOTES: Baltimore's original lineup had Felix Pie in LF and J.J. Hardy at SS. But Scott (groin) returned from a three-game absence to replace Pie, and Izturis was a late sub for Hardy, who felt tightness in his lower left rib cage. ... Detroit placed RHP Ryan Perry (eye infection) on the 15-day DL, retroactive to April 5, and recalled RHP Robbie Weinhardt from Triple-A Toledo. ... The Orioles pulled off a rare 8-9 out on the scorecard when a liner by Martinez bounced out of Jones' glove and was snagged by Markakis. Umpires didn't see the ball hit the wall before Markakis latched on. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Bats                                                             Orioles End the Rangers’ Streak in a Doubleheader Split  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSAPRIL 9, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Rays right fielder Sam Fuld made a diving catch on a ball hit by the White Sox' Juan Pierre in Chicago. Tampa Bay fell to 1-7.  Credit             Nam Y. Huh/Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  Fans in Baltimore gave the rookie starter Zach Britton a standing ovation Saturday after he helped the Orioles win the first game of a doubleheader against the Rangers, 5-0, and end Texas’ run as the last unbeaten team in the majors.Britton (2-0) allowed four hits in seven and two-thirds innings, and Nick Markakis and Mark Reynolds hit home runs.“It just kind of shows that the fans are behind you,” Britton said. “There was a couple times with two strikes, they got pretty loud. I got goose bumps there.”The Rangers (7-1), who could have matched the franchise-record 7-0 start of their 1996 club, quieted the crowd in the second game, winning by 13-1 to break a brief tie with Baltimore (6-2) for the best record in the majors. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “That’s a tough team to keep to no runs, as evidenced by the second game,” Orioles Manager Buck Showalter said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ATHLETICS 1, TWINS 0 Gio Gonzalez was sharp over six innings, helping Oakland win at Minnesota despite stranding 11 runners. The Twins have scored only 21 runs in eight games.WHITE SOX 4, RAYS 2 Visiting Tampa Bay slipped to 1-7 and seemed to show fraying nerves at the finish. After objecting to an inside pitch from Chris Sale in the ninth, the Rays’ Felipe Lopez answered with a home run, and appeared to flip his bat in Sale’s direction. When Lopez returned, Chicago catcher A. J. Pierzynski was there to register an objection of his own, but there was no pushing or shoving.INDIANS 2, MARINERS 1 Justin Masterson took a shutout into the seventh inning, striking out nine, as visiting Cleveland won its sixth in a row.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ROYALS 3, TIGERS 1 Visiting Kansas City for once did not wait until its final at-bat. The Royals’ previous four wins had come in the last inning, but Wilson Betemit and Alcides Escobar put them ahead, 2-0, in the second and Bruce Chen (1-0) held Detroit to three hits over six innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PHILLIES 10, BRAVES 2 Brandon Beachy is still waiting for his first major league victory, but it might help if he once in a while pitched against a team other than Philadelphia. Beachy, who has made five big-league starts, three against the Phillies, was roughed up for seven hits and four runs in six-plus innings in Atlanta. Roy Oswalt (2-0) recorded his first win in nine regular-season starts against the Braves. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    REDS 6, DIAMONDBACKS 1 Bronson Arroyo allowed one unearned run — because of his own throwing error — in six innings for visiting Cincinnati, which broke through for four runs in the ninth thanks in part to a throwing error by reliever Juan Gutierrez.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  DODGERS 4, PADRES 2 Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in the go-ahead run against his former team with two outs in the 11th and visiting Los Angeles won a game that had been suspended at 1:40 a.m. after four rain delays totaling 3 hours 36 minutes.BREWERS 6, CUBS 0 Prince Fielder drove in four runs with a career-high three doubles for host Milwaukee. Chris Narveson (1-0) pitched seven innings, striking out nine and running his scoreless streak to 13 innings.ROCKIES 6, PIRATES 4 Ty Wigginton hit a tie-breaking, three-run double in the eighth for visiting Colorado. At 5-2, the Rockies tied their 1998 team for the second-best start in franchise history.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  MARLINS 7, ASTROS 5 Greg Dobbs homered and drove in three runs for visiting Florida.RAMIREZ TRUSTS IN GOD Manny Ramirez is “at ease” with his decision to retire rather than serve another suspension after again testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “God knows what’s best,” Ramirez told ESPNdeportes.com by phone from his home in Miami. “I’m now an officially retired baseball player. I’ll be going away on a trip to Spain with my old man.”Ramirez, who was suspended for 50 games in 2009, retired Friday after learning that he faced a 100-game suspension for his second violation of baseball’s drug policy. JIMENEZ RESPONDS WELL Colorado Rockies Manager Jim Tracy said the right-hander Ubaldo Jimenez, who is on the disabled list with a cut cuticle, was likely to come off the disabled list after a bullpen session Sunday. ... The San Francisco Giants’ players, front office members and other staff received their 2010 championship rings, made by Tiffany & Co., in a pregame ceremony.  A version of this article appears in print on April 10, 2011, on Page SP2 of the New York edition with the headline: Orioles End the Rangers’ Streak in a Doubleheader Split.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          YANKEES 9, RED SOX 4   Yankees’ Power Helps Them Overcome Shaky Outing by Ivan Nova APRIL 9, 2011                       
4 It all comes down to wins and losses and the Orioles are off to a 5-1 start and are atop the AL East. I start with that because if you go by the list of players on the Orioles roster who are injured you may start to get depressed. Brian Roberts is the most recent Orioles player to succumb to sickness or injury. Yesterday, Roberts was taken to the hospital with stomach pains. There is no word yet on how serious the situation is or if Roberts is using the same hospital bed that Jeremy Guthrie used. Maybe the Orioles should just rent a hospital room for its players this season. They can put up a nice flat screen HD tv that only plays Orioles games and Baseball Tonight.Ok now a look at the injuries/illnesses that have hit the Orioles roster since the beginning of the season. I know the Orioles don’t have a lot of depth on their roster, but you tell me what major league team can get through this many losses to their roster.The Orioles projected number two and three starters Brian Matusz and Justin Duchscherer are on the disabled list. Their number one starter Jeremy Guthrie missed one start and could have his projected start on Sunday pushed back. J.J. Hardy is questionable for this weekend with tightness in his left ribcage area. Along with Roberts in the hospital the Orioles may have to play Texas without their double play combination.Guthrie, Hardy, and Roberts are all still possibilities to have to go on the disabled list in order to create room for someone to be called up. The Orioles bullpen has stayed healthy thus far, but you have a lot of fragile arms down there and Showalter needs to make sure he doesn’t overwork them too soon. Especially with a doubleheader today.I’m sure there will be some kind of roster moves made today or tomorrow depending on how Guthrie, Roberts, and Hardy feel today. Troy Patton and Chris Jakubauskas are two names who have been mentioned as possibilities to be called up to help ease the strain on the pitching staff. Depending on how serious the situations are with Hardy and Roberts will depend on if there is a move made to call up someone from the minors to replace them. The Orioles already have Izturis and Andino who can step in and start in their place for a game or two. If Hardy or Roberts has to go on the disabled list you may see Brendan Harris, Nick Green, or Ryan Adams summoned from Norfolk. However, neither of those guys are on the 40 man roster, so that may present a problem.Regardless of all the injuries that have hit the Orioles early on, there is no crying in baseball and there certainly are no excuses in baseball. Good teams find ways to win, even without their best players. If the Orioles are truly for real this will be a good test for the team. If the Orioles can manage to weather this storm of injuries than they will be in a good place to be a force in the AL East once their roster starts to get healthy. Let’s see what the Orioles are made of. 
3 View photosBaseball fans sit in the rain during a delay before the Baltimore Orioles against the Texas Rangers baseball game on Friday, April 8, 2011, in Baltimore.MoreThe Baltimore Orioles are already short-handed, and after Friday night's game against Texas was postponed by rain manager Buck Showalter also had to worry about running out relief pitchers over the weekend.The teams will play a traditional doubleheader on Saturday starting at 4:30 p.m.Shortstop J.J. Hardy (sore left rib cage) wasn't in the lineup Friday, and second baseman Brian Roberts wouldn't have played if the game went of as scheduled. Roberts experienced severe stomach pains and was taken to the hospital for tests.The pitching staff is also thin. Starters Brian Matusz and Justin Duchscherer are on the disabled list, and Showalter was concerned about taxing his bullpen in Saturday's doubleheader."You always have to think about down the road, the next day and the next day," he said. "If we play 18 innings (Saturday), that's a lot of baseball to pitch. And one of the things about being home, you know you're going to pitch nine innings."But the day off will give Hardy a chance to bounce back from his injury. He was a late scratch Thursday against Detroit and omitted from the starting lineup on Friday."I've never had anything like it," Hardy said. "But being able to throw, being able to run around not feel pain, I feel like it can't be that big a deal. So, I'm hoping to be in this series at some point."Showalter will start rookie left-hander Zach Britton in the opener and Jake Arrieta in the second game. Britton was scheduled to start on Friday night for the Orioles, who are off to a 5-1 start.Colby Lewis will start the opener for Texas and Matt Harrison will pitch in the nightcap.The Rangers had a scheduled day off on Thursday, and the rainout enabled them to remain undefeated heading into the weekend."I wish I could get excited about that," manager Ron Washington said. "I'd much rather play, but since we can't, we'll go two tomorrow."The players didn't seem to mind. Minutes after the postponement became official, Ian Kinsler and six other Rangers slid on the tarp.Texas came to town after going 6-0 on a homestand against Boston and Seattle. If the Rangers can win the opener Saturday, they will match the best start in franchise history (7-0 in 1996).A steady rainshower hit the area early in the day and never really let up. The scheduled 7:05 p.m. start was delayed for about an hour before the game was finally postponed."Everybody did everything possible to try to play," Showalter said. "It just started moving a lot slower and settling in. You're going to have periods of 10 minutes when it's not raining very hard and then it comes back again. Plus, you don't want the fans to sit in that stuff, either." 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Hardy out 2-3 weeks with oblique strainShortstop will head to disabled list; Bergesen to be recalled, start WednesdayApril 11, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunA magnetic resonance imaging taken Monday on J.J. Hardy revealed a left oblique strain, an injury that will likely sideline the Orioles shortstop for two to three weeks. "It's hard to lose a player and characterize it as good news," Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said. "With the nature of this injury, nobody knows for certain what the duration is going to be, but certainly the news could have been worse." Hardy sat out two games last week with tightness in his left ribcage area. He returned to the lineup for the second game of Saturday's doubleheader against the Texas Rangers and felt something "grab" on him while fouling off a pitch from Matt Harrison in the second inning. var adSkipCounter = 0;  Hardy did not swing the rest of the at-bat, which resulted in a strikeout, and was removed from the game before the third inning. He'll join teammate Brian Matusz in starting a rehabilitation program at the organization's spring training facilities in Sarasota, Fla. MacPhail said the club will be patient with Hardy because this type of injury tends to linger, creating a situation in which a player could miss a month or more. "If you're not [patient], all the time you invested in the recovery goes for naught," MacPhail said. Manager Buck Showalter said both Cesar Izturis and Robert Andino will get opportunities to start at shortstop in Hardy's absence. The Orioles also have the option of summoning a veteran middle infielder, like Brendan Harris or Nick Green, from the minors, but at this point, it appears that they'll go with a 13-man pitching staff and one fewer position player. Bergesen likely for Wednesday Hardy's trip to the disabled list — a move that will become official Tuesday or Wednesday — will allow the Orioles to recall Brad Bergesen, who is in line to make Wednesday's start against the New York Yankees. Bergesen was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk on Saturday to make room for Chris Jakubauskas, but he doesn't have to stay in the minors for the required 10 days because he would be filling the roster spot of a player going to the DL. In his only start this season, Bergesen allowed four runs (two earned), five hits and two walks in 32/3 innings of a loss Wednesday to the Detroit Tigers. It was his first extended start against big league hitters in 21/2 weeks. Bergesen was nailed in the forearm by a come-backer off the bat of the Minnesota Twins' Denard Span on March 25, his final Grapefruit League outing lasting just four pitches. Upon sending him down Saturday, Showalter stressed the need for Bergesen to start logging some innings to "get his feet back on the ground." The Orioles hoped to have him make a couple of starts for the Tides, but Saturday's doubleheader and an unwillingness to pitch Jake Arrieta or Zach Britton on short rest prompted the need for another starter to come up. It's still possible Jakubauskas starts Wednesday. However, it is more likely that he stays in the bullpen and Bergesen gets the nod. Chris Tillman and Arrieta are the scheduled starters against the Yankees Tuesday and Thursday, respectively, with Britton, Jeremy Guthrie and Tillman in line to pitch over the weekend in Cleveland. Around the horn Top prospect Manny Machado is off to a good start for Single-A Delmarva, going 7-for-15 (.467) with two doubles, a triple, three RBIs, seven walks and a stolen base in five games, including the Shorebirds' home opener Monday night. … Right-hander Dan Klein, the Orioles' fifth-best prospect according to Baseball America, made his debut for Single-A Frederick on Sunday and allowed one earned run; two hits, including a homer; and a walk while striking out two over two innings. … Orioles leadoff man Brian Roberts is an 0-for-13 slump, but he's a career .300 hitter (15-for-50) with three homers and 10 RBIs against A.J. Burnett, who starts Tuesday for the Yankees. … Starting Tuesday, the Orioles will play 26 games in 27 days with the lone day off April 25. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Measuring Wieters' impact on Orioles isn't easyCatcher hasn't lived up to lofty predictions for offensive output, but value comes in areas not easily trackedApril 11, 2011|By Kevin Van Valkenburg, The Baltimore SunMatt Wieters, the man Baseball Prospectus dubbed one of the "most disappointing prospects of all time," leaned against his locker recently and chuckled as he listened to the question. Is it possible, the Orioles catcher was asked, that you've been called overrated and over-hyped so frequently in your brief career that the pendulum has swung back and you can now be considered underrated? "I don't know," Wieters said, breaking into a thin smile. "I don't think you can really worry about it, because once that first pitch is thrown, all those ratings don't really mean much." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Wieters has always been less obsessed with where he ranks, at least statistically, than the rest of the baseball universe. Even when he was lanky kid growing up in Goose Creek, S.C., and would sit in front of his television and try to emulate Chipper Jones' smooth tempo with a bat in his hands, he didn't give it much thought. He just wanted to play and leave all the analysis to those standing outside the white lines. But few modern players have seen their game receive such effusive praise one minute, then be subjected to such intense criticism the next. Even though Wieters won't turn 25 until late May, he has already been declared a bust of epic proportions by the people who obsess over baseball statistics and projections as though they are a beautiful math problem. Once considered a Golden Boy in the eyes of most sabermetricians, Wieters was virtually written off after only a season and a half in the majors by the same people who predicted he would be better than Minnesota Twins catcher Joe Mauer. "Whatever his [minor league batting average/on-base percentage/slugging percentage] .343/.438/.576 rates seemed to portend, that's gone," Baseball Prospectus wrote about Wieters last month, "along with the notion that he's a switch-hitter (he has hit .230/.278/.344 from the right side) or a power hitter. His glove and the dream of what might have been will keep him around for years, but stardom now seems spectacularly unlikely." Yet as Wieters' stock with stat gurus has plummeted, it has soared within baseball's camp of old school traditionalists. Ask the Orioles what has been the most important cog in their surprising start this year, and almost to a man they'll credit Wieters and the way he has guided an inexperienced pitching staff through the first week and a half of the season. "I think he needs to get more credit than he's already gotten," Orioles pitcher Zach Britton said. "I know some people have been praising him, but he deserves a lot more credit than we do. Obviously, we execute pitches, but he's the thinking guy out there. He's doing his job and reading the hitters. I don't know how he was last year, but he's pretty amazing, in my opinion." Even though he's just a rookie, Britton has some insight. Wieters coaxed him through his first career start as he held the Tampa Bay Rays to three hits over six innings despite not having great control. "I had so much confidence in him that once he put the finger down, I threw it. You've got to have faith in what you're throwing, and I felt like I had that. That's a credit to him," Britton said. "I think you'd rather have a catcher that's going to be amazing behind the plate than a guy that's going to hit .400 but not be able to handle a pitching staff. He can hit and he can handle the pitching staff, so it's kind of the best of both worlds." Hard to measure It does make for an interesting argument: Just how important, and valuable, can a catcher be if his OPS is under .700, as Wieters' was in 2010? How do you analyze a player when his strengths are categories that can't be fully quantified: defense, pitch selection and leadership? Against Tampa Bay in the first three games of this season, Wieters had what Orioles manager Buck Showalter called one of the best defensive series he has seen from a catcher. He threw out runners, he blocked the plate brilliantly, he snared three foul tips — including one in his shinguard — and he called a flawless game. The Orioles' starting pitchers gave up one run in three games. Pitching coach Mark Connor said he sat in the dugout for three days and "marveled" at the way Wieters called the games, then compared his feel for the game to Boston Red Sox veteran Jason Varitek's. Sabermetricians such as Bill James, as well as several analysts for Baseball Prospectus, have argued that, if you examine a large enough sample size, there is no proof that catchers have a significant effect on pitcher performance. Traditionalists like Showalter, however, scoff at that line of thinking.1 | 2 | 3 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  In Role as Teacher, Showalter Remains Student of Game    Sports of The Times  By                       GEORGE VECSEY   APRIL 12, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Showalter and George Steinbrenner in 1995. The Yankees and hte Diamondbacks each won World Series titles shortly after he departed.  Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  Buck Showalter was excited to be playing his first professional game in June 1977. He kept taking in all the sights at Bobby Maduro Stadium in Miami — including the strange half-field tucked alongside left field, the position he was patrolling.“I kept looking to my right at this field,” Showalter recalled Tuesday evening, as if it were yesterday, before the Orioles’ game at Yankee Stadium was rained out.Showalter is now the manager of the Orioles, trying to help Baltimore become a force again in the brutal A.L. East. Every little bit helps.He was also paying attention to detail in his debut, 34 years ago. He had never seen a cutoff infield during his undergraduate days at Mississippi State, but it made perfect sense — three bases and home plate, perfect for practicing infield plays, without taking up much space. He was intrigued. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “I went out the next day to take a look at it,” Showalter recalled.Imagine that — a 21-year-old after his first pro game, inspecting the grounds of the opposition, to see if he could learn something.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  He was in the Yankees’ chain, starting off in Fort Lauderdale, and he would never reach the majors as a player. But he always wondered how that cut-off infield at the Orioles’ field in Miami had come into being. Other teams have them now, of course, as baseball becomes ever more involved in method and process, with born teachers like William Nathaniel Showalter 3rd.Finally, a month or so ago, Showalter got to meet his managerial ancestor, the former fighting bantam rooster Earl Weaver. Showalter chatted with Weaver, the Orioles’ manager for 17 seasons, for a few minutes and remembered to ask him about that half-field back in Miami.They had a little space beyond left field, Weaver recalled, so they put in a half-field. You never know. Showalter recognized in Weaver the same seething hatred of mistakes he saw in Billy Martin, his mentor who promoted him to coach for the Yankees.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “We all make mistakes,” Weaver told Showalter. “But we don’t repeat them.” Not unless they wanted the manager pecking at them, the way he jabbed umpires with the bill of his cap. Nah, Showalter said, he did not necessarily see himself and Weaver as kindred souls. But what a great brain to pick for a few minutes. Photo       Baltimore was 34-23 with Buck Showalter last year, making him the first manager in 20 years to take a job after Aug. 1 and have a winning record.  Credit             Greg Fiume/Getty Images           Showalter is always paying attention. He was a manager in the Yankees’ farm system, sitting in Martin’s dugout one spring. Martin asked if anybody knew the opposing pitcher. Showalter volunteered that the guy could get rattled if you ran on him. They pulled a steal, grabbed a run, and Billy brought the boyish coach north with him as a coach.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He’s all yours,” the coach Clete Boyer whispered to the clean-living Showalter, meaning part of his new job was roaming the night with Billy, trying to keep him out of trouble.The young man from western Florida would manage the Yankees and the Diamondbacks, both of whom won World Series shortly after he departed, and he managed the Rangers, who reached the World Series after he was gone. He took a sabbatical, but last August the Orioles hired him, and the team won 34 and lost 23, making him the first manager in 20 years to take over a team after Aug. 1 and have a winning record. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    He immediately served notice that he was competing with the Yanks and the Red Sox and the Rays and the Blue Jays. In an interview with Paul Solotaroff in the April issue of Men’s Journal, Showalter said he shouted at umpires to employ the same strike zone for Derek Jeter that they used for Orioles hitters. It sounded a little like sacrilege to squawk about the icon who broke in under Showalter in 1995.“These things happen,” Showalter was saying Tuesday night. “Every club does stuff like that. I love Derek Jeter. He’s as good a human being as he is a ballplayer. His substance is his style.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In the same article, Showalter is quoted as wondering if Boston’s general manager, Theo Epstein, could function with a smaller payroll, like that of Tampa Bay.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s not for the weak of heart,” Showalter said of the division. “It would be so easy to give in.” But he said Baltimore was a grand old baseball town that deserves better than last place.“He’s fun to play for,” said Nick Markakis, the right fielder. “He lets you be the player you can be. He’s a very well-prepared manager who understands what we’re going through.”The Orioles have a grand history — six pennants, three championships — embodied in Jim Palmer, the Hall of Fame pitcher, now a broadcaster with the team. On Tuesday, Palmer was carrying a tray in the dining room, and a full cup of soda began slip-sliding away. Palmer smoothly leveled the tray without spilling a drop.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Four Gold Gloves,” Palmer said of his defensive prowess, as he kept moving.The Orioles have a lot of memories like that. Guaranteed they will all be duly noted by the fervent manager who observes everything, even a cut-off field during his professional debut.  E-mail: geovec@nytimes.com A version of this article appears in print on April 13, 2011, on Page B14 of the New York edition with the headline: In Showalter, Orioles Have a Guy Who Never Misses a Trick.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                     Sports of The Times A collection of columns offering opinion and analysis from the world of sports.                                          From Combine to Draft, N.F.L. Prospects Are Treated Like Pieces of Meat             APR 27                                         Without Dale Earnhardt Jr., Nascar Faces an Uncertain Future             APR 25                                         Knicks vs. 76ers: A Battle of Losing Philosophies             APR 13                                         Matt Harvey Is No Longer the Alpha Dog, but Still Has Bite             APR 7                                         Patrick Ewing’s Most Important Recruits: Local A.A.U. Coaches             APR 6       See More »       
0      Supported by    Baseball  Mixed Martial Arts Makes Inroads in Baseball Training  By JOE BRESCIAAPRIL 12, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Mixed martial arts may be illegal as a competitive sport in some states, but several baseball players are incorporating its fighting methods into their training routines.Adam Dunn of the Chicago White Sox, Brad Penny of the Detroit Tigers and Russell Martin of the Yankees have used the sport’s punches and kicks to improve their throwing and swinging. In addition to improving overall fitness, Martin said, mixed martial arts can make an athlete mentally tougher.“You tolerate the pain and get through it,” he said. “Mentally, I know I’m in a good place because I worked hard.”Mixed martial arts is a combination of karate, judo, jujitsu, boxing, wrestling and tae kwon do. The sport is also popular in Brazil and Japan. Pay-per-view telecasts in the United States began in 1993, with the Ultimate Fighting Championship staging the most lucrative matches. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Unlike Martin, Dunn and Penny guard the secrets of their workouts as if they were team signs.Penny acknowledged training with Dan Henderson, a star M.M.A. competitor, but he declined through a Tigers spokesman to discuss his training. Dunn declined through the White Sox media-relations office.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Henderson said that he had had Penny practice the kicks and punches used in M.M.A., but there was no sparring.“We use focus mitts,” Henderson said, referring to the oversize padded gloves that he wears while athletes kick and punch them. “Physically, it works different muscles than players tend to use in their own sport. The training gives them something different to push themselves through.” Photo       Yankees catcher Russel Martin used mixed martial arts training to help him get in shape for the season and recover from injury.  Credit             Steve Nesius/Reuters           Henderson said the workouts could indirectly help Penny’s strategy on the mound.“It might give Brad a little more confidence when he’s pitching inside,” Henderson said. “And he’s prepared in case anyone rushes the mound.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Jay Glazer, a football analyst for Fox Sports who runs MMAthletics with Randy Couture, a mixed martial arts star, has trained N.F.L. players in the sport. Glazer said his clients included Ryan Grant, Jared Allen, Clay Matthews and the Atlanta Falcons team.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  While the workouts for the football players emphasize wrestling and hand-fighting techniques, Glazer said the routine for baseball players concentrated on emulating the movements of their sport.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Ryan Rowland-Smith, a left-handed pitcher in the Houston Astros organization who battled arm and back injuries the last couple of years with the Seattle Mariners, worked with Glazer in the winter. “I’m in the best shape of my life, for sure,” said Rowland-Smith, a surfer while growing up in Australia.Glazer said: “In the case of Ryan, we look at film and break it down frame by frame and come up with a combination that mirrors his pitching delivery. A knee, a punch, followed by a kick. We have him do a ton of that for his hips. Power comes from his core, his hips and his legs, even though he uses his arm to pitch.”Mentally, Glazer said, the mantra is the same for baseball players as it is for N.F.L. players.“Own your space,” Glazer said several times. “We get the players thinking like a cage fighter. When the door shuts, it’s time to break that man’s will across from you. For Ryan, as a pitcher, it’s that 60 feet 6 inches that you own.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Rowland-Smith said the rigors of M.M.A. training made it easier to tolerate physical and mental challenges on the mound. Photo       Dan Henderson has helped train baseball players.  Credit             Peter Morrison/Associated Press           “If you have some small injuries or you’re not feeling 100 percent, nothing can compare with what you go through with the training, so you can fight through it,” he said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Martin, a catcher, worked with Jonathan Chaimberg, who trains Georges St.-Pierre, the U.F.C.’s welterweight champion. Martin said he was searching for a way to regain his All-Star form after two injury-marred seasons with the Los Angeles Dodgers.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  After a few months of six-days-a-week M.M.A.-style training sessions with Chaimberg in Montreal, where he lives, Martin increased his endurance and explosiveness and lost body fat. He said his upper-body routine was called the big rope. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “It’s a thick rope that you attach to a base of a wall and has a loop,” he said. “You create waves with the rope, and it’s like a 20-second sprint, a 10-second rest. You don’t do it for a long period of time. You do it for five minutes, get a good workout in and work on your conditioning.”It seems to be helping. Martin is hitting .300 with three homers and eight runs batted in.Bobby Valentine, an ESPN baseball analyst, has managed in the major leagues and in Japan, where one would think mixed martial arts training is popular among players. But that is not the case, he said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s more prominent in the States,” said Valentine, who said he believes the training is beneficial.He added: “Most mixed martial arts instructors teach balance, quickness and awareness of your surroundings. There are a few cases in Japan, but most players just play baseball over there.”INSIDE PITCHThe Yankees’ scheduled game Tuesday against the Baltimore Orioles at Yankee Stadium was postponed because of rain and was not immediately rescheduled. Manager Joe Girardi said that A. J. Burnett (2-0), Tuesday’s scheduled starter, would pitch Wednesday, and Phil Hughes (0-1) would start Thursday. Girardi said he planned to start Freddy Garcia for the first time later this week; Girardi added that the date had yet to be determined. ... Reliever Pedro Feliciano, who has been sidelined with tightness in his left triceps, played catch, but Girardi said the session “did not go well.” Feliciano will have another test Wednesday. “It’s a concern,” Girardi said of Feliciano, who had to cut short a similar throwing session March 27. “We were hoping after these two weeks that he’d be able to take the next step.” DAVE CALDWELL  A version of this article appears in print on April 13, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Mixed Martial Arts Are a Trend in Training.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Teams Puzzled by Rise in Oblique Injuries APRIL 11, 2011                       
3 The Baltimore Orioles have been around for quite some time, but they have not always been the Orioles. They have gone through some changes over the years, but the Orioles name has stuck since 1954.How did they get their name, you might ask? Well, I'm glad you did.The Orioles franchise started out in 1901, but back then, they were called the Milwaukee Brewers. That team lasted only one year as they then moved and became the St. Louis Browns in 1902. The Browns were named after the St. Louis Brown Stockings, which was a team that won four consecutive pennants in the 1880s. Sadly for this version of the Browns, winning wasn't exactly in the cards for them, since during that span, they won only one pennant and had one playoff appearance. That team stayed there from 1902 until 1953.Not exactly the kind of franchise you'd want to be a part of, so when things are going rough, what's one way to snap out of it?You guessed it! The Browns then moved to Baltimore in 1954 and then became the Baltimore Orioles we know and love today, no matter how frustrating they can be at times. The Orioles are named after the Maryland state bird, and once they changed their name, things started to look up.The Orioles won their first World Series in 1966 as they swept the Los Angeles Dodgers. Baltimore would make three consecutive World Series appearances between 1969 to 1971 as they lost the '69 World Series to the New York Mets in five game before they defeated the Cincinnati Reds in 1970 in five games. The Orioles made it back again in 1971 only to lose a heartbreaking series to the Pittsburgh Pirates in seven games.Baltimore made it back to the World Series in 1979 as they lost another seven-game set to the Pirates. The O's made it back to the World Series in 1983 as they took on the Philadelphia Phillies and wound up winning that series in five games.From 1983 until 2011, the Orioles have only made it back to the playoffs twice, in 1996 and 1997, where they lost in the ALCS to the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians, respectively. All in all, since moving to Baltimore, the Orioles have three World Series titles, six pennants, and 10 playoff appearances, a vast improvement over their St. Louis Brown forefathers.REFS:http://www.baseball-reference.com/teams/BAL/http://www.countytimes.com/articles/2011/04/04/life/doc4d9a14ee44edb349317705.txt 
6  Baltimore Orioles (6-3) @ New York Yankees (5-4) After dropping two of three to the Texas Rangers (and their first series of the year), the Orioles are heading up I-95 for a three-game set versus the New York Yankees. Even after two straight losses, the Orioles sit atop the AL East (thanks to the Boston Red Sox stealing their first two wins of the season) and have moved up to the seventh spot in the Power Rankings. The pitching (outside of Jake Arrieta and Chris Jakubauskas) was very good, but the bats failed to show. This is something that must change for the Orioles to continue winning games. Andrew_G has noted that the Orioles currently sport a .243 BABIP (batting average of balls in play), which suggests that the team is getting somewhat unlucky and should improve over a larger sample. Phew! That’s good news considering that the top regular in the lineup is Vladimir Guerrero with 10 hits and a .270 BA. In any case, nobody is getting on base and that has to get turned around. Derrek Lee seemed to be making much better contact this weekend, but guys like Luke Scott, Matt Wieters, and Adam Jones need to get it going. The O’s will also be returning to the Robert Andino/Cesar Izturis tandem at SS that we all came to know and love last season which cannot help the cause. The Yankees, on the other hand, will be looking to avenge two losses to the Red Sox over the weekend with a solid series back at home. Considering that they dropped two to Boston and then watched the Red Sox promptly get hammered by the other 1 win team (on national TV, no less), expect they’ll be ready to go. The Yankees will throw the middle of their rotation, so the Orioles will not face CC Sabathia. It’ll be another tough test for the pitchers, as the Yankees have produced 50 runs, tops in the division. Andrew_G also notes that the Orioles pitchers have allowed a .232 BABIP, which is bound to drift back toward the league average. There is significant rain in the forecast (1-2 rainouts possible) which might force some shuffling in the Orioles rotation. Brad Bergesen did not make his scheduled start for the Norfolk Tides this week and should be back with the team after J.J. Hardy is sent to the DL. A bench player (likely by the name of your favorite french fry substitute) is also expected to be added to roster. Bergy will make the start Wednesday and will be an upgrade (yes, you read that correctly) over Jakubauskas. Jake Arrieta will close out the series and must rebound from Saturday’s effort where he allowed 8 ER in just 3.1 innings.   Game 1 (Tuesday @ 7:05pm): Probable Pitchers:   BAL – Chris Tillman (0-0, 3.38 ERA) NYY – A.J. Burnett (2-0, 4.09 ERA)   Scouting Report:   Burnett relies mostly on a fastball/sinker combo to go along with his curveball. Fastball velocity generally around 92-93 and the changeup drops to the upper 80s. Strikeout numbers were down last season (6.99 K/9 from 8.48), but have been solid in two starts this season. Keeps the curveball down and away for hitters on both sides of the plate (really down and away to righties).   Key Stats:   Cesar Izturis is a career 4 for 12 off of Burnett. Adam Jones has had similar success, going 4-13. Luke Scott and Matt Wieters have not shared that same success (Wieters is hitless in 12 ABs). Chris Tillman has won his only start at Yankee Stadium, but did so while posting a 7.20 ERA. Alex Rodriguez is a threat with a .500 BA and the only Yankee HR of Tillman. Robinson Cano is 6 for 7.      Game 2 (Wednesday @ 7:05pm):   Probable Pitchers:   BAL – Brad Bergesen (0-1, 4.91 ERA) NYY – Phil Hughes (0-1, 16.50 ERA)   Scouting Report:   Hughes throws a fastball, cutter, and curveball. Velocity is down about 2-3 MPH on all three pitches this season so he’s throwing the cutter much more frequently. Posted decent strikeout numbers last season, but had just one in his first 2011 start. Likes the left side of the plate (from the pitcher’s prospective) with the cutter, coming in on lefties, but staying away from right-handed hitters.      Key Stats:   Hughes has good numbers against the Orioles, but he’s one guy that Luke Scott can hit. In 13 ABs, Luke has 7 hits for a .538 BA. Neither Derek Jeter nor Mark Teixeira have hits off of Bergesen. The rest of the lineup, however, has hit him fairly well.  Oddly enough, Joey Gathright (he who can jump a car) is 3-3 with a double and 3 SB in his career against Hughes…..   Game 3 (Thursday @ 7:05pm)   Probable Pitchers:   BAL – Jake Arrieta (1-1, 8.68 ERA) NYY – Ivan Nova (1-0, 6.10 ERA)   Scouting Report:   Throws three pitches, but sticks mostly to a low 90s fastball that he keeps away. Did not throw the curveball much to the righties in his first start this season. Was throwing the mid 80s changeup primarily against the lefties last year, but utilized it more often to righties this season.      Key Stats:   Derek Jeter has not hit the fastball well this season (pitchers have responded well by throwing limited breaking stuff). That’s good news for Jake Arrieta who sports a good mid 90s fastball.  Arrieta has not allowed a HR to a Yankee batter, albeit in very limited action. Matt Wieters has the lone Oriole HR off of Nova while Felix Pie is 0-3 with 2Ks.  
2  NEW YORK (AP) — The scheduled game between the Baltimore Orioles and New York Yankees has been postponed because of rain.  No makeup date was immediately announced.  A.J. Burnett had been slated to pitch Tuesday night for the Yankees in the opener of a three-game series. Burnett is 2-0 with a 4.09 ERA after a poor 2010 season. He is 7-0 with a 3.91 ERA in 12 April starts with New York and 11-4 with a 4.47 ERA in 18 career starts against the Orioles.  Chris Tillman was Baltimore’s scheduled starter. The 22-year-old right-hander has a 3.38 ERA after two starts this year, both no-decisions.  It was the second rainout at Yankee Stadium in a week. Minnesota and New York were washed out last Wednesday night.  (Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press.  All Rights Reserved.)  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
3 Juan Luis Morera Luna, left, better known as Wisin of Wisin and Yandel, the popular Puerto Rican Reggaeton duo, walks with his wife Yomaira Ortiz, on the field before the New York Yankees baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles at Yankee Stadium Tuesday, April 12, 2011 in New York. Wisin and singing partner Yandel are scheduled to throw out the ceremonial first pitch before the game, weather permitting. MoreThe game between the Colorado Rockies and New York Mets scheduled for Tuesday night has been postponed because of rain and will be made up Thursday as part of a doubleheader.The game was called off in Queens shortly after the Yankees scrubbed a scheduled start against the Orioles, one borough over in the Bronx.Mets lefty Jonathon Niese and New York's beleaguered bullpen were going to face Rockies righty Esmil Rogers. There was no immediate word on pitching arrangements.This is Colorado's only visit to New York. Tuesday night's game was to be the second of a four-game series.Thursday's doubleheader will start at 12:10 p.m. in place of the originally scheduled 1:10 getaway day start. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 7, Orioles 4                                                             Yanks’ Offense Returns to Support Burnett  By BEN SHPIGELAPRIL 13, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        When mentioned in a baseball context, the phrase “it’s early” usually has a negative connotation. It speaks to a team’s shaky start, a hitter’s slump, a pitcher’s struggles, with the belief — and expectation — that progress is being made. With A. J. Burnett, it seems it is always early — until it becomes too late. There is genuine enthusiasm now surrounding Burnett, whose mediocre personal statistics obscure a more valuable significance.The Yankees have won all three of Burnett’s starts, including a 7-4 victory Wednesday night against the Baltimore Orioles. After a poor showing by their starting pitchers during a weekend series in Boston, it was Burnett who restored stability, working six and a third scoreless innings before allowing a pair of two-run homers in the seventh.He now he has more victories (three) than the Red Sox.Aprils have been kind to Burnett in the past. Just last year, he was 3-0 with a 2.43 earned run average in five starts. The rest of the way, he was 7-15 with a 5.87 E.R.A., as unreliable as a lost cabbie.“I don’t really know if it is,” Burnett said, when asked whether this April is different. No one does, and the real test will not come until he gets blitzed like Orioles right-hander Chris Tillman, who was ambushed Wednesday night for six runs in one and two-thirds innings. Photo       Derek Jeter drove in Russell Martin in the second inning.  Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times           Mired in an 0-for-18 slump, Mark Teixeira singled in his first two at-bats. Stuck in an 0-for-19 rut, Jorge Posada drilled a fifth-inning homer, his fourth of the season. The 12 hits by the Yankees, including two by Derek Jeter, alleviated some of the pressure on Burnett, who overcame some early inefficiency by ushering the Yankees to a 7-0 lead through six innings. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “We know it’s a long season,” Manager Joe Girardi said. “But it sure beats the alternative, and the way he’s throwing the ball, he’s going to win games.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Despite the good feelings generated by Burnett’s performance and the offensive awakening, not all developments at Yankee Stadium were positive. The odds of Pedro Feliciano (strained left rotator cuff) throwing a pitch for the Yankees plummeted when Girardi revealed, somewhat cryptically, that a magnetic resonance imaging exam revealed a “damaged shoulder,” and that Feliciano would weigh options with his family, doctors and his agent before deciding on a course of treatment that could include surgery. Appearing in more games than any reliever over the last three seasons yielded a two-year, $8 million deal from the Yankees, but it also may have landed him on the disabled list for the first time in his career.As for Burnett, he unleashed a season-high 16 changeups, a pitch that he had been reluctant to throw in years past. His new catcher, Russell Martin, urged him to throw it more often, believing in its action and deception.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He’s one of those guys that’s had to work on it a little more,” Martin said. “I think it’s one of his best pitches.” Photo       The Orioles' Adam Jones snared Jorge Posada's fly ball to end the Yankees' three-run second inning.   Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times           Burnett said it took him 12 years to throw the pitch with conviction, but he has grown more comfortable, deploying it nearly as often as his curveball.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Burnett waded through the first two innings on 53 pitches, and right before he faced Robert Andino to end the second, he called out the pitching coach Larry Rothschild. It was the first time, he said, that he had ever summoned a pitching coach, but he needed help. In his delivery, he was landing on his heel, and he could not correct it himself.“He was like: ‘Forget about it. Next pitch, let it go,’ ” Burnett said. “And it worked fine. He just reminded me of stuff we worked on between innings. But on the mound, it was all confidence.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    As he zipped through the middle innings, retiring eight in a row and 12 of 13, Burnett recalled the advice of a former catcher in Toronto, Gregg Zaun, who used to ride pitchers for throwing “non-competitive pitches” — N.C.P.s, as Burnett calls them. Burnett kept telling himself to bounce his curveballs, not to let them hang, which for the most part he did. At least, often enough to leave him smiling at the end of the night — and not punching clubhouse doors, as he famously did last season — despite those two late homers.“I did knock over a few cups of coffee, but that’s about it,” said Burnett, who has a 4.67 E.R.A. “Nothing hard.”INSIDE PITCHAlex Rodriguez’s three-run homer gave him 1,839 R.B.I. for his career, tying him with Ted Williams and Al Simmons for 11th place on the career list. ... The 24-year-old right-hander Hector Noesi was recalled from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to replace Luis Ayala, who went on the disabled list with an injury to a back muscle. ... With Dave Bush pitching three innings for Texas on Wednesday, the Yankees backup catcher Gustavo Molina is the only remaining player active since opening day yet to appear in a game, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. In 2007, Molina was the last player who had been on an opening day roster to get a hit.  A version of this article appears in print on April 14, 2011, on Page B17 of the New York edition with the headline: Yanks’ Offense Returns To Support Burnett.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      BATS   Yanks Use Hamilton Injury as Teaching Moment APRIL 13, 2011             ROUNDUP   With Hamilton in Sling, Rangers Lose to the Tigers APRIL 13, 2011                       
3 Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie dodges raindrops on his way from the outfield to the dugout before the Orioles baseball game against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium Tuesday, April 12, 2011 in New York. MoreThe scheduled game between the Baltimore Orioles and New York Yankees has been postponed because of rain. No makeup date was announced.A.J. Burnett had been slated to pitch Tuesday night for the Yankees in the opener of a three-game series. Chris Tillman was Baltimore's scheduled starter. Both were pushed back a day.It was the second rainout at Yankee Stadium in a week. Minnesota and New York were washed out last Wednesday night.Yankees manager Joe Girardi said reliever Luis Ayala will be placed on the 15-day disabled list with a strained muscle in his back. Also, injured left-hander Pedro Feliciano still felt discomfort when he tried to play catch and will have more tests Wednesday. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 6, Orioles 5                                                             Rally Can’t Calm Unease Over Hughes  By BEN SHPIGELAPRIL 14, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Joba Chamberlain tagging out the Orioles' Felix Pie as he tried to score on a wild pitch.  Credit             Ray Stubblebine/Reuters            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  Evidence of Phil Hughes’s pitching aptitude can be found in highlight videos from the 2009 championship season and the All-Star Game garb he received last summer, when he was selected for the first time, at age 24. So, it does exist. He has seen it.And so have the Yankees. Just not recently.After the high-fives and hugs subsided in the wake of a 6-5 comeback victory in 10 innings over the Baltimore Orioles on Thursday night, the Yankees were left to address another poor outing by Hughes. Three starts have passed without his velocity increasing or his command improving, and it is natural to wonder how the Yankees will react.“It’s frustrating,” said Hughes, who was charged with five runs in four and a third innings. “I feel like I’m bringing nothing to the team right now, and that’s a bad feeling.”Just as Manager Joe Girardi said he would allow Derek Jeter 100 to 150 at-bats before fully evaluating his performance, he said it would be unfair to judge Hughes based on three starts. In those three starts, spanning 101/3 innings, Hughes has a 13.94 earned run average, and his fastball Thursday averaged a season-low 89.05 miles per hour, according to data on brooksbaseball.net. Without his fastball, Hughes cannot succeed, and as a result the Yankees will almost certainly discuss whether they are best served taking advantage of the two days off next week to skip his turn in the rotation. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      There will be plenty of time for those conversations, said Girardi, who nevertheless acknowledged the obvious: “He’s still not quite right, and it’s our job to get him right.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Yankees trailed, 5-0, when Hughes was taken out, but a collaboration of efforts — three scoreless innings by Bartolo Colon, an intrepid block of the plate by Joba Chamberlain to thwart a run in the eighth, a game-tying homer in the ninth by Jorge Posada — culminated in the 10th, when Nick Swisher’s sacrifice fly drove in Mark Teixeira with the winning run. Hughes said he was grateful for his teammates’ resilience, and that he wished only that he could contribute.Certainly the Yankees expected that he would. His ascension from an eighth-inning dynamo to an 18-win wunderkind created lofty expectations, casting Hughes as a linchpin of a potentially shaky rotation. His struggles leave the Yankees reeling with only two established starters (C. C. Sabathia and A. J. Burnett) and the unproven Ivan Nova, with the No. 5 starter, Freddy Garcia, scheduled to make his first start Saturday against Texas. Photo       Nick Markakis, right, after his two-run homer against the Yankees.  Credit             Ray Stubblebine/Reuters           Their other options include shifting Hughes to the bullpen or sending him to the minors, where he could build arm strength in a less pressurized environment and be guaranteed of regular work, but they seem less likely right now. Last year, the Yankees gave Javier Vazquez, who was struggling to regain his fastball, all of April (five starts) before skipping him once in the rotation.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hughes is at a similar place, showing that he cannot endure without his fastball, which used to reach 94 m.p.h. regularly. The reactions by hitters have confirmed as much. Of the 96 four-seam fastballs he has thrown this season, just two have generated swings-and-misses.    Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Same old story, I guess,” Hughes said. “I don’t even know what to say at this point.”Hughes’s velocity was impressive from the outset last year, but that was more of an exception. Historically, Girardi said, it has tended to improve in April after a few starts. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Even so, it remains somewhat confounding how arm strength is still an issue for Hughes, who spent seven weeks building it in spring training.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hughes agreed, calling it “baffling.” His workload increased gradually in spring training, his throwing program designed to unleash him on opening day at his full capability. With Hughes adamant that he is physically fine, the fact that his arm is still sagging suggests that all the innings he threw last season — 192, a career high — have sapped his velocity.“Sometimes you just don’t bounce back as quick from one year to another,” Girardi said.Between starts, Hughes adjusted his delivery with the pitching coach Larry Rothschild, focusing on involving the lower half of his body and driving more aggressively to the plate, a subtle change that, he hoped, would yield improved results. In the first inning, when he retired the side in order, Hughes said his fastball had decent life.“And then it just disappeared,” Hughes said.The Orioles pounced in the third, when Nick Markakis drilled a two-run homer, the first of several hard-hit balls. Two — doubles by Markakis and Luke Scott — found open space, but two more were caught at the fence by Curtis Granderson and Swisher, minimizing damage. When Girardi pulled him after 70 pitches, Hughes was hardly surprised. The crowd, accustomed to serenading him with “Huuuuuuuughes,” booed him instead. It was no mistake.“It seems like there’s 18 days between my starts,” Hughes said. “It’s not a good feeling to have to answer all these questions about how poorly I keep pitching every time out. It’s not a fun thing to deal with.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  INSIDE PITCHThe Yankees’ top pitching prospects, the 23-year-old right-hander Dellin Betances and the 20-year-old left-hander Manny Banuelos, were placed on the minor-league disabled list at Class AA Trenton with blisters on their pitching hands.  A version of this article appears in print on April 15, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Rally Can’t Calm Unease Over Hughes.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Orioles' Wieters alters batting stanceCatcher doubles, homers Wednesday after he and hitting coach Presley change approachApril 14, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore Sun Showalter said the plan remains for struggling starter Chris Tillman to pitch Monday against the Minnesota Twins. … Triple-A Norfolk right-hander Ryan Drese, one of the Orioles' options to replace Tillman in the rotation, was knocked around by Gwinnett for eight runs, 10 hits and three walks over five innings Wednesday night. … Steve Johnson (St. Paul's) was promoted to Norfolk, and Wynn Pelzer was moved into his rotation spot at Double-A Bowie. … Double-A first baseman Joe Mahoney was placed on the minor league disabled list with left quadriceps tightness, but he's expected to be ready in a few days. … The Orioles will all wear No. 42 for Friday's game to commemorate the eighth annual Jackie Robinson Day. … Major League Baseball announced details of its 2011 first-year player draft, which will start June 6 at 7 p.m. and go through June 8. The Orioles have the fourth overall selection in the draft and won't pick again until the 64th pick, the fourth selection in the second round. They have no compensatory picks. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun  
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Rangers 5, Yankees 3                                                             Yankees Lose to Rangers as Hughes Goes on Disabled List  By ANDREW KEHAPRIL 15, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Hours after placing Phil Hughes, their struggling No. 3 starter, on the 15-day disabled list, the Yankees needed something, anything, to add a sense of solidity to a pitching staff that has stubbornly refused to coalesce in the early days of the season.As they opened a three-game series Friday at Yankee Stadium against the Texas Rangers, who have the best record in the American League, the Yankees rested their hopes on Ivan Nova, a 24-year-old making his 10th major league start.He did not deliver.Nova allowed five runs, giving up four hits and walking five batters. He lasted only four and a third innings.The Yankees offense, one night after saving Hughes with a late-game surge, fell short of doing the same for Nova. The Yankees hit into six double plays — a franchise record — and lost to the Rangers, 5-3. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “He didn’t throw strikes,” Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said of Nova, who threw just 45 of his 87 pitches for strikes. “He didn’t have good command. The free base runners is what got him in trouble.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Rangers, making their first visit to the Bronx since last October, when they defeated the Yankees in the American League Championship Series, improved to 10-3. Their hot start has been aided by a strong starting staff that has combined for a 2.49 earned run average.Matt Harrison, a 25-year-old left-hander, pitched eight efficient innings Friday night, giving up two runs — one unearned — and seven hits. He walked three and struck out three. Harrison (3-0, 1.23 E.R.A.) kept the Yankees’ bats quiet as the Rangers cobbled together a 2-0 lead with runs in the second and the third.“That’s really the first time we’ve really seen him like that, you know, really good command of his changeup,” Nick Swisher said. “He had good stuff tonight, was really working the ball in and out.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Rangers increased their lead in the fifth, taking advantage of Nova’s growing unsteadiness.Nova walked the eighth batter, Mitch Moreland, and hit Julio Borbon in the foot to open the inning before throwing a wild pitch that sent the runners to second and third. Both Moreland and Borbon scored, and Nova was taken out of the game.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “If you can’t command your pitches you can’t win a ballgame,” said Nova, who is 1-1 with a 7.36 E.R.A. “I can’t throw strikes with my fastball right now.” Photo       Julio Borbon scoring ahead of the throw to Russell Martin in the Rangers' three-run fifth Friday.  Credit             Chris Trotman/Getty Images           Nova was pitching under extra scrutiny as the Yankees’ rotation, already fraught with uncertainty, was further disrupted by the team’s decision to put Hughes on the 15-day disabled list with what Girardi called a dead arm.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Both Girardi and Hughes said Hughes was not injured.“We just feel like he’s going through a dead-arm period,” Girardi said before the game. “We need to get him back to full strength.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    The Yankees are hoping that Hughes — a 24-year-old right-hander with an 0-1 record and a 13.94 E.R.A. — can use the time off to work on strengthening exercises and throwing long toss to regain his velocity, which has been far below normal.“Something had to be done,” Hughes said before the game. “I can’t continue to go out there and tax our bullpen and put us in situations where we’re going to lose ballgames.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  On Thursday, the Yankees came from behind to beat the Baltimore Orioles in extra innings, and they hinted at a similar outcome Friday.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Curtis Granderson hit a solo home run into the right-field bleachers in the eighth to make the score 5-2, and the Yankees added a run in the ninth on a single by Eric Chavez. They then got two runners on base, but Neftali Feliz settled down to get the save.“We always take pride from the seventh inning on,” Swisher said of the offense. “I just think maybe we have to jump start it a little earlier.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The loss served as a reminder of the question marks in the Yankees’ rotation beyond C. C. Sabathia and A. J. Burnett.Bartolo Colon, 37, signed in the off-season to a minor league deal, is expected to take Hughes’s spot in the rotation. Colon has an 0-1 record with a 3.97 E.R.A. in 111/3 innings, and he pitched three scoreless innings in relief of Hughes on Thursday. Colon has not pitched a full season since 2005.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Freddy Garcia, 35, another injury-plagued veteran with a minor league deal, will make his first start of the season on Saturday.And then there is Nova, who had a chance Friday to alleviate some of the uncertainty surrounding the Yankees’ staff, but only added more.INSIDE PITCHLance Pendleton, a 27-year-old right-hander, was called up from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. He was 1-1 with a 1.59 E.R.A. in two relief appearances this year in the minor leagues. ... Friday was Jackie Robinson Day in baseball, and before the game Robinson’s widow, Rachel, and one of his daughters, Sharon, took part in a pregame tribute. All players, managers, coaches and umpires wore No. 42 in memory of Robinson, who made his debut in 1947.  A version of this article appears in print on April 16, 2011, on Page D5 of the New York edition with the headline: Yankees Lose to Rangers as Hughes Goes on Disabled List.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          BATS   Yankees Place Phil Hughes on Disabled List APRIL 15, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles relief pitcher Mike Gonzalez (51), right, walks away as New York Yankees' Mark Teixeira scores on teammate Nick Swisher's 10th-inning walkoff sacrifice fly in the Yankees' 6-5 victory in a baseball game at Yankee Stadium, Thursday, April 14, 2011, in New York. MoreOrioles closer Kevin Gregg needed one pitch to blow a lead. Michael Gonzalez faced four batters and lost the game.Baltimore's bullpen wasted a solid effort by Jake Arrieta and the Orioles lost their fourth in a row after opening a five-run lead, 6-5 to the New York Yankees in 10 innings Thursday night."Basically got ambushed. Didn't make a good pitch," Gregg said of Jorge Posada's tying home run leading off the ninth.Gonzalez (0-1) came on in the 10th and walked Mark Teixeira and gave up a double to Alex Rodriguez to start the inning. After Robinson Cano lined out to a drawn-in shortstop, Swisher hit a fly and Teixeira easily beat right fielder Nick Markakis' throw home."It always kills you. That leadoff walk," Gonzalez said. "Obviously it kind of set the tone."Mariano Rivera (1-0) gave up a leadoff single in the 10th, but Derrek Lee grounded into a double play and Vladimir Guerrero grounded out.The Orioles had a chance to build on their 5-4 lead in the eighth, but pinch-runner Felix Pie was cut down by Joba Chamberlain trying to scored on a wild pitch that went to the backstop.Chamberlain relieved Bartolo Colon in the eighth with runners on first and third. The big right-hander threw a pitch in the dirt that took a long bounce off the backstop as catcher Russell Martin went to retrieve it.Martin tossed the ball to Chamberlain, who turned sideways and shielded Pie from reaching the plate. Pie made a standup slide rather than going all the way down and thought he was safe. Orioles manager Buck Showalter came out to argue, but replays clearly showed Chamberlain made the tag in time."I knew the ball come back quick. I tried to change my position for putting my hand" on the plate, Pie said. "It doesn't matter if he's big ... That's part of the game. I'm not scared."Gregg's meltdown spoiled a solid six-inning effort by Arrieta and dropped the Orioles out of first place in the AL East for the first time this season. Baltimore built its early lead against Phil Hughes, who struggled once again."We're not going to dwell in self-pity," Showalter said. "We pitched well and did a lot of good things out there tonight. We just have to keep grinding and move on."Arrieta came in 2-0 with a 3.65 ERA against the Yankees. He bounced back smartly from his last start, when he took a pounding from the potent Texas Rangers (3 1-3 innings, eight runs).Arrieta faced the minimum through four innings Thursday — with help from a double play in the second after a walk.Rodriguez, who went 3 for 3, doubled in the fifth for New York's first hit against Arrieta and Cano followed with a double to pull New York to 5-1.Teixeira hit an RBI double and Rodriguez added a sacrifice fly in the sixth. Martin had a run-scoring grounder off reliever Jason Berken in the seventh to make it a one-run game.Struggling with low velocity on his fastball, Hughes lasted just 4 1-3 innings after going only two innings against Boston in his last start and four in his first start of the season.He reached 92 mph twice in the first inning but was throwing consistently in the 88-89 mph range after the second. Manager Joe Girardi said location was more important than speed. On Markakis' two-run homer in the third, the pitch — an 86 mph cutter — was way off Martin's target.In the fourth, Luke Scott doubled and scored on Mark Reynolds' drive that Curtis Granderson caught leaping into the wall in right-center for a 3-0 lead.Swisher crashed into the wall in right field catching a flyball in the fourth, one batter before Markakis lined an RBI double to right, ending Hughes' night.Colon relieved and gave up an RBI single to Guerrero for a 5-0 lead.NOTES: Kevin Millwood, who signed a minor league deal with New York on March 25, is scheduled to pitch for Double-A Trenton on Sunday. ... The Orioles have lost 20 of 24 games in the Bronx since July 30, 2008. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Baseball Roundup                                                             With Beckett Sharp, Boston’s Torment Takes the Day Off  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSAPRIL 16, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        There’s no blaming Josh Beckett for the Red Sox’ wretched start.Beckett (2-1) held Toronto to one run in seven innings Saturday as host Boston beat the Blue Jays, 4-1. Jed Lowrie hit a two-run homer for the Red Sox, who are 3-10, still the worst in the majors.Beckett (2-1) had nine strikeouts and he allowed two base runners in an inning only once. Through three starts, Beckett has a 1.80 earned run average. Last season, Beckett missed two months with a strained back and went 6-6 with a 5.78 E.R.A.“I definitely pushed myself a little bit more; I definitely felt good today,” he said. “That was one of the things where on a day game like today, where maybe the energy is down a little bit — that’s a way of picking myself up.”The victory ended Boston’s three-game losing streak.RAYS 4, TWINS 3 Ben Zobrist led off the bottom of the ninth with a tying home run against Minnesota closer Joe Nathan (0-1), and Johnny Damon ended the game with a two-out, bases-loaded single, giving host Tampa Bay its fifth straight victory. Damon, though hitting just .218, has driven in 12 runs. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The blown save was Nathan’s second of the series.INDIANS 8, ORIOLES 3 Josh Tomlin (3-0) pitched six innings and Orlando Cabrera drove in four runs for Cleveland, which won its sixth straight at home and sent Baltimore to its sixth straight loss.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In the last 12 games, Indians starters are 8-1 with a 1.91 E.R.A. Cleveland’s 10-4 start is its best in nine years.ROYALS 7, MARINERS 0 Alex Gordon had three hits, increasing his league-leading total to 22 and extending his hitting streak to 10 games, as host Kansas City beat Seattle for the third straight day. Sean O’Sullivan (1-1) threw five scoreless innings in his first start.The Mariners stranded 11 runners, committed two errors and allowed three unearned runs, all charged to Felix Hernandez (1-2). Photo       Baltimore Orioles left fielder Luke Scott makes a sliding catch for an out on a fly ball in the seventh inning of the game Saturday against the Cleveland Indians.  Credit             Mark Duncan/Associated Press           ANGELS 7, WHITE SOX 2 Tyler Chatwood, a 21-year-old in his second career start, pitched seven impressive innings for his first victory, and Hank Conger hit a three-run homer for visiting Los Angeles.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Chatwood allowed five hits and one run, on Carlos Quentin’s 100th career home run.GIANTS 5, DIAMONDBACKS 3 Freddy Sanchez doubled in the tying run in the sixth inning, then put visiting San Francisco up for good with a two-run single in the seventh. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Giants starter Barry Zito left after spraining his right foot lunging for a bunt in the second inning. The Giants said X-rays were negative, but Zito was on crutches after the game, and a magnetic resonance imaging test was planned.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  REDS 11, PIRATES 2 Ramon Hernandez of host Cincinnati hit his sixth career grand slam during a seven-run fifth inning against James McDonald, breaking a 2-2 tie and sending Pittsburgh to its fifth loss in six games.CUBS 8, ROCKIES 3 Casey Coleman pitched into the sixth, scattering four hits, and Starlin Castro went 4 for 5 with a three-run homer as Chicago ended host Colorado’s winning streak at seven.ASTROS 5, PADRES 3 Joe Inglett’s pinch-hit single broke a 3-3 tie in the seventh inning for host Houston. Inglett, acquired from Tampa Bay in March, had had one hit in his first 12 at-bats with the Astros.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  SIZEMORE READY TO RETURN Cleveland outfielder Grady Sizemore, who had microfracture surgery on his left knee in June, could be activated from the disabled list in the next two days and return to the lineup. Manager Manny Acta declined to specify the day. “We don’t know when, but it’s going to be soon,” Acta said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  NATIONALS PROSPECT DIES Shortstop Yewri Guillen, an 18-year-old Washington prospect, died Thursday of bacterial meningitis in the Dominican Republic, prompting the team to protect other players at its training academy there.Guillen first showed symptoms of the disease around Monday, according to Dr. Wiemi Douoguih, the Nationals’ medical director. He said the team was still trying to determine how Guillen contracted the disease.Douoguih said that other players at the academy were not at risk and that the Nationals were assessing what they could do to prevent a recurrence. It is unclear whether Guillen was in contact with other players at the academy.  A version of this article appears in print on April 17, 2011, on Page SP4 of the New York edition with the headline: With Beckett Sharp, Boston’s Torment Takes the Day Off.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          YANKEES 5, RANGERS 2   Savvy Start for Garcia in Yankees’ Win Over Rangers APRIL 16, 2011         BRAVES 4, METS 0; BRAVES 4, METS 2   Mets Lose Doubleheader to Braves and Put Chris Young on D.L. APRIL 16, 2011                       
3 View photosCleveland Indians' Josh Tomlin pitches against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game Saturday, April 16, 2011, in Cleveland. MoreOrlando Cabrera senses something special happening to the Cleveland Indians. In 13 major league seasons, he's seen this before.With each quality start, clutch hit and win, the Indians' confidence grows. Cabrera sees a young team blossoming into a quality one."I think we have what it takes," he said.To do what?"To win," he said. "I don't like to compete. I like to win."That's exactly what the Indians are doing.Josh Tomlin delivered yet another quality start for Cleveland, Cabrera drove in four runs and the first-place Indians won their sixth straight at home, 8-3 on Saturday over the Baltimore Orioles, who have lost six in a row and are having trouble scoring.Tomlin (3-0) gave up two runs — solo homers to Jake Fox and Luke Scott — and six hits in six innings. His outing continued a dominant run by Cleveland's starters, who are making it look easy. In the last 12 games, they're 8-1 with a 1.91 ERA, not bad for a five-man rotation of virtual unknowns.After dropping their first two games, the Indians have won 10 of 12. Cabrera, signed as a free agent to fill the Indians' hole at second base and bring leadership to their clubhouse, has been impresses by the strong start but wants to see more."We haven't had to fight back yet," he said. "I want to see us fight back late in the game."The Indians haven't had to. They've been jumping out to early leads, scoring 42 of their 75 runs in the first four innings. The nice starts have allowed their pitchers to relax and not have to worry about being perfect. So far, it's been a nearly foolproof formula as Cleveland is 8-1 when scoring first."It means the world," manager Manny Acta said of the early runs. "Everybody wants to pitch with a lead. It really gives guys more confidence to throw the ball over the plate and challenge guys. It's been huge."Shin-Soo Choo homered off Jeremy Guthrie (1-2) and Matt LaPorta had two RBIs for the Indians, who are 10-4 and off to their best start in nine years. Travis Hafner and Travis Buck had three hits each for Cleveland.It's been a great start for the Indians and it could soon get better as the club is expected to activate center fielder Grady Sizemore from the disabled list in the next two days. The three-time All-Star has been out nearly a year following knee injury.Since opening 4-0, the Orioles have lost seven of nine and their six-game slide is the club's longest since Buck Showalter took over as manager on Aug. 3. Baltimore has scored just 15 runs in the skid, and once again didn't take advantage of some scoring chances."It's not the gloom and doom everybody makes it out to be," Showalter said. "We had opportunities we didn't take advantage of. It's been a challenge for us. We'll get better at that."Tomlin won the only open spot in Cleveland's rotation during spring training, and the right-hander's shown no signs he'll give it up. He coasted through the first few innings, allowing only the two homers before working in and out of a tricky situation in the fifth.He gave up a leadoff homer to Scott that made it 6-2 and then made an error on Adam Jones' bunt. The Orioles eventually loaded the bases with one out, but Tomlin got Brian Roberts to pop out and retired Nick Markakis on a groundout."I knew I had to make that pitch and I was able to," said Tomlin, who was pulled after 79 pitches but disagree with Acta's decision to take him out.Acta said Tomlin was "one pitch from disaster.""I was," Tomlin said.The Orioles made it 6-3 in the seventh on Roberts' RBI single, but failed to push more than one run across despite having runners at first and third with none out. Indians reliever Vinnie Pestano got Markakis to hit into a double play and struck out Derek Lee to preserve Cleveland's three-run lead.Cabrera made it swell to five runs in the seventh with his second homer.The 36-year-old has been to the playoffs six times in the past seven years. He acknowledged its too early to think that far ahead, but he is seeing a team that's beginning to understand what it takes to win."I like to win," he said. "I do think we have what it takes and I think the guys have the confidence every day to come and get a 'W' every night. You can see the smiles on their faces."NOTES: Tomlin has pitched at least five innings each of his first 15 major league starts, the first pitcher in Cleveland history to do that. ... Steady rain followed by a thunderstorm delayed the start of the game for 2 hours, 3 minutes. ... Scott made a sliding catch in the left-field corner to rob Choo of extra bases in the seventh, and Jones made a leaping catch at the center-field wall in front of Cleveland's bullpen to steal a double or better from Brantley in the fourth. ... According to the Elias Sports Bureau, the Indians were the first team in AL history to win eight straight games after starting 0-2. 
3 View photosCleveland Indians' Justin Masterson pitches against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game Friday, April 15, 2011, in Cleveland. MoreJustin Masterson pitched seven strong innings for his third win, Asdrubal Cabrera had four RBIs and the surprising Cleveland Indians kept the AL Central standings flipped upside down with an 8-2 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night.Masterson (3-0) allowed just one run and four singles. He went 6-13 last season, and didn't get his third win until July 1 — in his 16th start.Travis Hafner homered for Cleveland, which entered the series tied for first with Kansas City. Last season, the Indians finished fourth in the division, two games ahead of the last-place Royals.The Orioles have lost five straight since a stunning 6-1 start.At 9-4, Cleveland is off to its best start since 2002. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Sizemore Homers in Return as Indians Sweep the Orioles  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSAPRIL 17, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Grady Sizemore homered in his return for Cleveland after having major knee surgery last year, leading the host Indians to a 4-2 win Sunday and a series sweep of the Baltimore Orioles, who dropped their seventh straight.Sizemore, Cleveland’s hustling All-Star center fielder and leadoff man, had not played since May, and he had microfracture surgery on his left knee in June.He homered in his second at-bat against Brad Bergeson (0-2) and doubled in the fifth.“I just wanted to go up there, have good at-bats, help the team and get a win,” Sizemore said.Carlos Santana and Travis Hafner also homered for the first-place Indians, who have won 7 in a row at home and 11 of 13. Fausto Carmona (1-2) worked seven strong innings, allowing one earned run and five hits. Chris Perez pitched a 1-2-3 ninth for his fifth save. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Brian Roberts went 3 for 4 for the Orioles, who have lost 8 of 10, effectively erasing their 4-0 start.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Sizemore received a standing ovation from Cleveland fans when he came up in the first, many of whom have been tracking the popular player’s progress for months. Sizemore grounded out to second but hustled down the first-base line like always before being thrown out.RED SOX 8, BLUE JAYS 1 Jacoby Ellsbury hit a three-run homer, Jarrod Saltalamacchia drove in three runs, and Jon Lester pitched a solid six innings to carry host Boston. The win gave Boston consecutive victories for the first time this season. The Red Sox began the day 3-10, the worst record in the major leagues, but they have a chance to win their first series when Daisuke Matsuzaka faces Ricky Romero in the Patriots Day game Monday. Lester (1-1) gave up one run, six hits and three walks while striking out five.ATHLETICS 5, TIGERS 1 Trevor Cahill (2-0) pitched eight innings, Josh Willingham broke out of a slump with a two-run single in the fifth, and Oakland beat Detroit. Mark Ellis doubled twice, and Daric Barton walked twice and scored both times to help the Athletics salvage a split of a four-game series.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ANGELS 4, WHITE SOX 2 Dan Haren pitched into the seventh for his fourth win of the season, Maicer Izturis had three hits and visiting Los Angeles completed a three-game sweep. Haren (4-0) joined his teammate Jered Weaver as the only four-game winners in the majors. Photo       Grady Sizemore, who has missed most of the last two seasons with injuries, hit a solo home run against the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.   Credit             Jared Wickerham/Getty Images           MARINERS 3, ROYALS 2 Michael Pineda pitched six strong innings and Brendan Ryan had a two-run tie-breaking single as visiting Seattle ended a four-game skid. Pineda (2-1), a rookie who held Toronto to one earned run and five hits over seven and a third innings in his previous start, limited the Royals to one run and three hits over six innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  TWINS 4, RAYS 2 Brian Duensing allowed two runs over seven innings, Matt Tolbert had an run-scoring triple and visiting Minnesota stopped a four-game skid. Duensing (1-0) scattered seven hits, walked two and struck out five.PHILLIES 3, MARLINS 2 Carlos Ruiz hit the go-ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth after an error by the Marlins’ defense, and host Philadelphia beat Florida. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Ryan Howard began the eighth by reaching on an error by left fielder Logan Morrison. Ben Francisco followed with a single off Ryan Webb (0-2), and Raul Ibanez put runners on the corners with a groundout. Ruiz followed with a soft fly to center.ROCKIES 9, CUBS 5 Dexter Fowler hit a two-out, two-run double to ignite a four-run eighth inning and host Colorado secured its eighth victory in nine games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  DODGERS 2, CARDINALS 1 Matt Kemp hit a two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth, helping host Los Angeles end its five-game skid. Kemp homered to center field on the first pitch he saw from Ryan Franklin (0-2). Andre Ethier led off with a double off Trever Miller, extending his major-league-leading hitting streak to 14 games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PADRES 8, ASTROS 6 Will Venable hit a two-run single in a four-run eighth as visiting San Diego salvaged a split in the four-game series. Heath Bell got his 38th consecutive save after loading the bases with one out in the ninth.PIRATES 7, REDS 6 Andrew McCutchen opened the game with a home run against the slow-starting Edinson Volquez, then singled in the tie-breaking run in the eighth, rallying Pittsburgh at Cincinnati.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  DIAMONDBACKS 6, GIANTS 5 Stephen Drew drove in Justin Upton with one out in the 12th as host Arizona ended a four-game skid. Giants reliever Dan Runzler had allowed only one base runner over two and a third innings before walking Upton and Chris Young with one out in the 12th. Javier Lopez came on for Runzler (1-2) and gave up Drew’s grounder into the right-field hole on his third pitch.NATIONALS SWEEP DOUBLEHEADER Danny Espinosa followed up a three-run homer in the opening game with a bases-loaded triple in the seventh inning of the second game, leading host Washington to a 5-1 victory and a doubleheader sweep over the Milwaukee Brewers. In the opening game, Ivan Rodriguez also hit a three-run homer and Jason Marquis pitched into the eighth in a 8-4 victory.ZITO ON DISABLED LIST San Francisco placed the left-hander Barry Zito on the 15-day disabled list a day after he sprained his right foot attempting to field a bunt against Arizona. ... Matt Capps is taking over as the Twins’ closer so Joe Nathan can work on regaining his form in nonsave situations as he comes back from elbow surgery.  A version of this article appears in print on April 18, 2011, on Page D4 of the New York edition with the headline: Sizemore Homers In Return as Indians Sweep the Orioles.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Matusz likely several weeks away from returnLefty still experiencing discomfort when he throws, will remain in FloridaApril 17, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunCLEVELAND — The return of a healthy Brian Matusz would be a welcome development for an Orioles rotation in flux. However, the young left-hander appears to be several weeks away from making his 2011 debut. The Orioles had initially hoped that Matusz would rejoin the club on their 11-day homestand, which begins Monday, and start throwing bullpen sessions off the mound in front of pitching coach Mark Connor and bullpen coach Rick Adair. But Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Sunday that the 24-year-old is still feeling effects from a strained left intercostal muscle and hasn't been cleared to throw off the mound. He'll remain on a throwing program at the team's spring training complex in Sarasota, Fla., for the time being. "I don't expect him to join us anytime soon," Showalter said. "He'll be down there. I wouldn't place a closed end on it. It's still open. We'll see how he feels the next few days. We're not going to rush that. J.J. [Hardy] is feeling a little bit better. Good to see some progress with him. Both those injuries are something that are very inexact with the timeframe. History will show you that if you try to get ahead of yourself, you're going to regret it, so we're not going to do that." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Showalter was adamant that Matusz, whose disabled list stay is backdated to March 30, hasn't had any setbacks and the lefty just still feels lingering, minor discomfort when he throws. "In a zero to 10 scale of how much you feel it, it is a one," Showalter said. "But as long as that one is there, we're not going to push forward. We hope that one goes away in the next day or two." Uehara's streak ends Koji Uehara said the end of his streak of 36 appearances without a walk was "nothing to really dwell on" and proved that he wasn't too bothered after Sunday's game by playfully chiding a reporter for not writing more about it. When Uehara's full-count pitch to Shin-Soo Choo with one out in the eighth inning was called a ball by plate umpire Ed Hickox, major league baseball's third-longest streak of appearances without a walk since 1954 ended. Uehara had not walked a batter since the Toronto Blue Jays' Fred Lewis in the ninth inning July 16. The only longer streaks were authored by Dennis Eckersley, who did not issue a walk in 41 straight games from Aug. 17, 1989, to June 10, 1990, and John Smoltz, who did not walk a batter in 38 games from July 24, 2003, to June 8, 2004. The Orioles were none too pleased with Hickox's strike zone for much of the game, prompting Showalter to say: "I'm not so sure it was a walk either. … I wasn't even aware of it, but it doesn't surprise me at all." Asked about Hickox's strike zone during the at-bat, which started with three straight balls, Uehara said through interpreter Jiwon Bang: "I think it wasn't going well with the umpires today." Two batters later, Uehara issued another walk to Travis Hafner before striking out Orlando Cabrera to end the eighth. His 29 pitches Sunday were four pitches fewer than he threw in his first 42/3 innings this season, though Uehara said he felt strong physically. "I wasn't burdened at all," he said. "I'll be ready to go [Monday]." Showalter not blaming Fox Showalter defended Jake Fox's defense and game-calling and said he doesn't put the starting pitchers' struggles during his two starts on the catcher. In Fox's two starts behind the plate — Jake Arrieta pitched April 9 and Jeremy Guthrie on Saturday — Orioles starters allowed 14 earned runs, 16 hits and three walks in 81/3 innings. "When you're comparing anybody with [Matt Wieters], it's going to be a tough comparison, but Jake's a hard trier," Showalter said. "He brings some things for us on the days he catches and gives us some options to play different places. We certainly aren't [putting] that on him. We just didn't make good pitches as much as anything else. I think Jeremy will be the first to tell you that. I thought Jeremy's tempo was pretty good [Saturday] for the most part." The reality is that the Orioles would prefer to use Fox in a utility role and carrying a more conventional backup catcher, like Craig Tatum, but they are in a position where they need to have an eight-man bullpen because the starters aren't getting deep enough in games. "Conventionally, yeah, 12 pitchers or 11 — remember those days — or 10 or 9. But we're not there right now until we kind of get settled in on a rotation, and that may not happen for a while," Showalter said. Rapada to get called up With Michael Gonzalez struggling, the Orioles will select the contract of another left-handed reliever, Clay Rapada, before the start of a four-game series against the Minnesota Twins on Monday. Long reliever Chris Jakubauskas will go on the 15-day disabled list with a groin injury to make room on the 25-man roster, but the Orioles will still have to make a 40-man move to accommodate Rapada.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Buck Showalter's Orioles are facing adversity for the first timeApril 18, 2011|By Matt VenselBuck Showalter preaches preparation, making sure his players are ready for whatever might come their way. In Showalter's first 71 games as manager, the Orioles have mostly experienced good things. But after dropping seven straight games to fall to 6-8, Showalter’s Orioles are facing adversity for the first time. The Orioles return to Camden Yards tonight, and the city isn’t quite buzzing about baseball like it was the last time they were there. The Orioles were outscored 49-17 in those seven losses. They are plummeting in the standings. And three formidable foes are coming to Baltimore for this 10-game home stand. The ballpark will probably be barren this week when the Twins are in town, and we can count on Yankees fans trying their best to outnumber Orioles fans over the weekend. Ditto for Red Sox Nation next week. The players who have been here for a while have to be thinking “Here we go again." It’s only natural for doubt to creep in, even if they have done their best to play it cool when the microphones came out and the cameras came on after each mounting loss. var adSkipCounter = 0;  These are the Orioles, after all, and plenty of people around baseball were already shooting them down during their 6-1 start. Buck’s Birds were bound to hit the ground eventually, they said. Now the pressure is on Showalter to halt to this skid before the Orioles’ season goes off the rails. The Orioles have had plenty of issues over the past 10 days. You have to figure the offense will break out eventually -- sooner rather than later would be nice -- but what we’ve seen is what we might get from the starting pitching, and the team can’t do anything but wait for Brian Matusz and J.J Hardy to get healthy. “We’re not going to sit around and wallow in our self-pity," Showalter said after Sunday’s 4-2 loss to the Indians. "Let's move on. Nobody feels sorry for you in this game. We know what we need to do to get out of it. There is an opportunity [Monday] to have some good things go on. ... You put it behind you, learn from it and you don't let it happen again." There is good news for the Orioles, though, and it isn’t that Showalter stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last night: The Twins are also struggling. They snapped a four-game losing streak with a win over the Rays on Sunday. And like the Orioles, they have had trouble scoring runs, and their pitching has been unreliable. One of these teams will start to get back on track in this series. Will it be the Orioles? “They are trying," Showalter said. "You want something to happen, and it will happen. We're going to be a good club before it's over. We have been, we will be, and we are.” It's too early to panic, but it will be acceptable if the Orioles don't start playing like a good club again soon.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Your turn: Are these the real Orioles we are watching?April 18, 2011|By Matt VenselThe Orioles started the season off by winning four straight games and six of their first seven. We couldn't help but wonder if the Orioles might be contenders in 2011. Then they lost seven straight games, including three to the Indians. Now we can't help but wonder if it's going to be another long summer in Baltimore.So which of those two teams is the real Orioles? The one that got great starting pitching, came through with timely hitting and avoided miscues during that 6-1 start? Or the one with inconsistent pitching, a nonexistent offense and the ire of the baseball gods seemingly working against it?You tell me: Are these the real Orioles we are watching right now? Or are they more like the team we saw early in 2011? var adSkipCounter = 0;      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosMinnesota Twins left fielder Delmon Young makes a catch on a fly ball by Baltimore Orioles second baseman Brian Roberts during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, April 18, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreFrancisco Liriano took a two-hitter into the seventh inning, and the Minnesota Twins beat Baltimore 5-3 Monday night to extend the Orioles' losing streak to eight games.Drew Butera had a career-high three RBIs for the last-place Twins (6-10), who have won two in a row for the first time this season.Minnesota led 3-0 before Liriano yielded solo homers to Adam Jones and Matt Wieters in the seventh. Baltimore got two on with two outs later in the inning before Derrek Lee to hit a routine fly to center against former Oriole Jim Hoey.The Twins made it 5-2 in the ninth off Kevin Gregg. After Butera singled in a run, Danny Valencia scored on a wild pitch.Liriano (1-3) gave up two runs, five hits and five walks in 7 1-3 innings. 
6  Kevin Goldstein just updated his Future Shock Blog with information on the progress of a number of minor leaguers so far this season. He focused first on Delmarva Shorebird Jonathan Schoop. The article is subscription only, but here is what he had to say about Schoop:  In a system very low on prospects, Schoop entered the year as the No. 6  prospect following an impressive showing in the Appy League, but he was  slid from shortstop to third base (where his tools profile better) to  accommodate 2010 first-round pick Manny Machado, and suddenly the  Orioles have one of the more impressive left sides of an infield in  Low-A. A 19-year-old native a Curacao, Schoop has good defensive  fundamentals, a plus arm and burgeoning power, and is now hitting  .326/.396/.605 in 11 games while become one of my better non-Top 101  sleepers of the early season.  It's a long way from low A to the majors, but given the lack of positional prospects in the O's system it's great to hear such praise for Schoop, who was rated the #7 Orioles prospect by John Sickels, who sees him as a breakout candidate. Orioles-Nation.com ranked Schoop as the organization's #8 prospect, and reached out to MLB Bonus Baby's Ed Hickey, to get detailed information on his swing for the Schoop's scouting report. It's interesting stuff. Hopefully we'll continue to hear good things out of Delmarva regarding the SS turned 3B.     
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Brian Roberts swings on a two-run single against the Minnesota Twins during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 19, 2011 in Baltimore. At right is Twins catcher Drew Butera. MoreAs the losses continued to mount, the Baltimore Orioles kept believing the next night would be the one in which they broke out of their miserable skid.When it finally happened, the fashion in which the Orioles ended their eight-game losing streak was nothing short of spectacular.Matt Wieters had four RBIs, Vladimir Guerrero homered, and Baltimore scored all its runs with two outs in an 11-0 rout of the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday.Jake Arrieta (2-1) pitched six innings of four-hit ball for the Orioles, who built an 8-0 lead in the fifth inning and coasted to their first win in 10 days after a 6-1 start. The 11 runs and 13 hits were season highs."You go through things like this with real good clubs and with bad clubs," manager Buck Showalter said of the losing streak. "This one had a different feel to it for me, and I still feel that way. There was a real confident (mentality). The frustration was due to knowing they were capable of doing better."Twins starter Carl Pavano (1-2) gave up seven earned runs and eight hits in 4 2-3 innings. The right-hander had allowed only one run in his previous 16 innings."It was just one of those days. My ball seemed pretty flat. It didn't have much movement," Pavano said. "It was a battle all night. I didn't have great stuff coming out of the pen and never got into any rhythm."And the Orioles knew it."We know what Pavano's got — he's a pitcher that pitches," said Adam Jones, who had two hits and scored twice. "We just got him out of his rhythm and were able to scrape away some runs with two outs. That's big."As the hip-hop music blared in the clubhouse, Jones and the Orioles looked ahead to better times."We've got a winning streak of one right now," he said. "When was that eight-game losing streak? It's out of my mind."Wieters delivered an RBI single in the third inning, a three-run double in the fifth and scored a career-high three runs.Guerrero's second homer of the season, an opposite-field shot to right, came with two on in the eighth inning on a 3-1 pitch from struggling reliever Joe Nathan.Arrieta walked three, struck out four and lowered his ERA from 7.04 to 5.06. It was the second time in 22 career starts that he did not allow a run."I struggled tonight with some things but made some pitches in big situations and was able to get out of some jams," he said.The right-hander was facing a last-place Minnesota team that ranked 30th in the majors in runs. The loss ended the Twins' first winning streak of the season at two.Minnesota was without Delmon Young and Justin Morneau, both of whom have been experiencing flulike symptoms. Morneau has sat out three straight games and Young, who also has a sore rib cage, missed his first game of the year.Plus, Joe Mauer is on the disabled list, which left manager Ron Gardenhire with very few options."Right now, the challenge is getting my lineup out there, to get my guys back on the field," Gardenhire said. "We've got a few too many holes out there. We need our boys to get back on the field. Whether we're going to be able to do that (Wednesday), I'm not positive."Baltimore scored three runs in the second after Pavano got two quick outs. Jones started the uprising with an infield hit, Mark Reynolds walked on four pitches and Wieters delivered an RBI single. Then, after Robert Andino walked to load the bases, Brian Roberts bounced a two-run single up the middle.The Orioles struck again in the fourth after Pavano retired the first two batters. Wieters was hit by a pitch and Andino singled before Roberts doubled in a run for a 4-0 lead.Baltimore pulled away with a four-run fifth. After two singles and a walk loaded the bases with two outs, Wieters worked the count full before hitting a double off the right-field scoreboard. After Pavano was pulled, Wieters scored on a throwing error by shortstop Alexi Casilla.NOTES: Wieters is 5 for 5 with eight RBIs this season with runners in scoring position. ... Young's absence means Danny Valencia and Jason Kubel are the only Twins to play in every game. ... Baltimore's Nick Markakis went 0 for 4 and has only one hit in his last 20 at-bats. ... Andino had three hits for his third straight multihit game. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Brian Roberts swings on a two-run single against the Minnesota Twins during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 19, 2011 in Baltimore. At right is Twins catcher Drew Butera. MoreSo much for Minnesota's first winning streak of the season.Carl Pavano couldn't make it out of the fifth inning, and the last-place Twins managed only six hits Tuesday night in an 11-0 loss to the Baltimore Orioles.The defeat ended Minnesota's modest run of consecutive victories at two.Every run the Orioles scored came with two outs, including eight against Pavano (seven earned). The right-hander gave up eight hits and three walks in 4 2-3 innings."It was just one of those days. My ball seemed pretty flat. It didn't have much movement," Pavano said. "It was a battle all night. I didn't have great stuff coming out of the pen and never got into any rhythm."Pavano (1-2) didn't get much support from an offense that was without three key players.Delmon Young and Justin Morneau were held out after experiencing flulike symptoms. Morneau has missed three straight games and Young, who also has a sore rib cage, sat out his first game of the year.Plus, Joe Mauer is on the disabled list, which left manager Ron Gardenhire with very few options."Right now, the challenge is getting my lineup out there, to get my guys back on the field," Gardenhire said. "We've got a few too many holes out there. We need our boys to get back on the field. Whether we're going to be able to do that (Wednesday), I'm not positive."Matt Wieters had four RBIs, Vladimir Guerrero homered, and the Orioles reached season highs in runs and hits (13) in breaking an eight-game losing streak."We know what Pavano's got — he's a pitcher that pitches," said Adam Jones, who had two hits and scored twice. "We just got him out of his rhythm and were able to scrape away some runs with two outs. That's big."As the hip-hop music blared in the clubhouse, Jones and the Orioles looked ahead to better times."We've got a winning streak of one right now," he said. "When was that eight-game losing streak? It's out of my mind."Wieters delivered an RBI single in the third inning, a three-run double in the fifth and scored a career-high three runs.Guerrero's second homer of the season, an opposite-field shot to right, came with two on in the eighth inning on a 3-1 pitch from struggling Twins reliever Joe Nathan."You just have to put him out there. It's about him getting innings right now," Gardenhire said. "He's going to have to come out and motivate himself and find a way to pitch and get the ball where he wants to."Orioles starter Jake Arrieta (2-1) allowed four hits, walked three and struck out four over six innings. It was the second time in 22 career starts that he did not allow a run."He's got a great arm and a great breaking ball," Gardenhire said. "That changeup was unhittable at times tonight. He's also got a great fastball — 90-92 with great movement."Then again, Arrieta was facing a Minnesota team that ranked 30th in the majors in runs.In the second inning, Baltimore scored three runs after Pavano got two quick outs. Jones started the uprising with an infield hit, Mark Reynolds walked on four pitches and Wieters delivered an RBI single. Then, after Robert Andino walked to load the bases, Brian Roberts bounced a two-run single up the middle.The Orioles struck again in the fourth after Pavano retired the first two batters. Wieters was hit by a pitch and Andino singled before Roberts doubled in a run for a 4-0 lead.Baltimore pulled away with a four-run fifth. After two singles and a walk loaded the bases with two outs, Wieters worked the count full before hitting a double off the right-field scoreboard. After Pavano was pulled, Wieters scored on a throwing error by shortstop Alexi Casilla.NOTES: Wieters is 5 for 5 with 8 RBIs this season with runners in scoring position. ... Young's absence means Danny Valencia and Jason Kubel are the only Twins to play in every game. ... Baltimore's Nick Markakis went 0 for 4 and only one hit in his last 20 at-bats. ... Andino had three hits for his third straight multihit game. 
3 View photosMinnesota Twins pitcher Nick Blackburn reacts after giving up a two-run home run to Matt Wieters during the second inning of a baseball game on Wednesday, April 20, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 5-4. MoreThe Minnesota Twins were on the brink of losing another game, and flu-ridden Justin Morneau tried to muster up enough strength to make a difference.Manager Ron Gardenhire appreciated the sentiment, and declined the offer.The gesture did, however, say a lot about the struggling Twins. They might be in last place, but it's not because they don't care.The Baltimore Orioles hit two homers off Nick Blackburn and held on to beat the Twins 5-4 on Wednesday night, dropping Minnesota to 6-12."We're not playing awful baseball," Blackburn said. "A couple breaks here and there and things would be different. Right now we're missing a couple of pretty good guys from our lineup, but I don't think anyone has given up."Minnesota was again without Morneau and Delmon Young, both of whom are battling the flu. Morneau has missed four straight games, Young hasn't played since Monday and the short-handed Twins also have gone eight consecutive games without injured Joe Mauer (leg).Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire said Morneau was just trying to make a difference in the ninth inning."He was out there at the end of the game telling me that if we get a chance to win, he could do it," Gardenhire said. "It was scary. He wanted to give it a shot."Matt Wieters and Vladimir Guerrero connected for the Orioles, who also got two RBIs from Adam Jones.Baltimore led 5-1 after three innings, an almost insurmountable lead against a team that ranks last in the majors in runs. Minnesota is the only club in baseball that has not yet scored more than five runs in a game this season."We haven't been swinging the bats well," Gardenhire said, "but I liked the way the guys got after it."Orioles rookie Zach Britton (3-1) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings while battling through an upper-chest cold."He obviously wasn't 100 percent tonight. You could hear him wheezing," manager Buck Showalter said. "But I'm sure the Minnesota Twins don't want to hear it."Wieters' two-run drive gave him six RBIs over a two-game span. Guerrero's homer was his second in two games and third this year.Wieters, Guerrero and Jones led the way, but six different players got hits for Baltimore."That's the big thing what we have to do, just pass it along to the next guy," Wieters said. "If you just keep passing it along to the next guy, then you're going to score a lot of runs."After Britton left, Jim Johnson and Koji Uehara followed before Kevin Gregg worked a perfect ninth for his second save.Michael Cuddyer homered for the Twins and Danny Valencia went 2 for 4 with three RBIs.Blackburn (1-3) yielded five runs and seven hits in seven innings. He's 11-27 in 56 career road games compared to 22-12 at home."His back tightened and he took himself out," Gardenhire said. "He gave us a great effort. He stayed in there and gave us a great opportunity to get back into the game — and we did."The Twins trailed 5-1 in the sixth when Valencia came through with a two-out, two-run single. He added a two-out RBI single off Uehara in the eighth."Not everyone is playing their best ball right now, but the batting is getting better," Blackburn said. "The pitching will always be there, so we have to put it all together at the same time."Cuddyer led off the second inning with his first homer, increasing Minnesota's major league-low total to six. The Twins then put runners at second and third with two outs before Matt Tolbert popped out.Baltimore took control with four runs in the bottom half. After Jones doubled in two runs, Wieters hit a drive into the center-field bleachers. Wieters is 6 for 6 with 10 RBIs with runners in scoring position.Guerrero went deep in the third for a 5-1 lead.NOTES: Baltimore's Nick Markakis broke a 1-for-21 skid with a third-inning single. ... Valencia is 10 for 21 lifetime against Baltimore. ... Minnesota's Jim Thome went 0 for 2 with two walks, lowering his batting average to .163. ... Baltimore has won two of three in the series that concludes Thursday, meaning the Twins have gone six series this year without winning one. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Rained Out Again, the Yankees Know They’ll Pay the Price  By BEN SHPIGELAPRIL 22, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BALTIMORE — Derek Jeter kept checking his cellphone for the night’s forecast. Curtis Granderson asked reporters for weather updates. A. J. Burnett climbed the steps leading to the Yankees’ clubhouse and said with a shrug, “Still raining.”It was a familiar scene Friday night for the Yankees, who had a game, this one against the Orioles, rained out for the third time in 17 days. The game has not been rescheduled, which also fits the theme of their season. Unlike the Mets, who endured two doubleheaders in three days last week, the Yankees have yet to play any of their makeup games. Eventually, they will experience the effects of the scheduling logjam, and days off will be lost.“We don’t like it because we know that they’re going to probably be split doubleheaders, and that makes it tough,” Manager Joe Girardi said. “It makes it tough on your bullpen and it makes it tough on your guys, but what are you going to do?”The three rainouts combined with four scheduled days off have protected the Yankees’ bullpen, which has bailed out a rotation that has worked the fewest innings in baseball (851/3), and several position players who otherwise would have been rested during this stretch. Barring additional rainouts, the Yankees are set to play the next 16 days before a break May 9, and 32 of the next 33. That means Girardi will ultimately have to address an issue that, for the moment, has been neutralized. Several times he has hinted about resting Jeter more, in recognition of his advancing age, and he intended to sit him April 5 against Minnesota until — you guessed it — rain intervened.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “We’re going to have to get him some days, definitely,” Girardi said. “Is it mapped out completely? No. But I’ve started looking at things already.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Just as he likes it, Jeter has played all but two of the Yankees’ 1442/3 innings this season, sitting out the final two innings of their second game, on April 2, because they were leading by seven runs. Jeter was one of four shortstops to start at least 150 games last season, when he hit a career-low .270. Jeter’s struggles have continued, with a .219 average and just 1 of his 14 hits going for extra bases, but he is hardly tired. Still, despite his competitiveness, Jeter says he understands that receiving days off during long stretches — or the hotter weather of summer — could help him. Photo       Derek Jeter, left, with Curtis Granderson, has played all but two of the Yankees' innings this season.  Credit             Jessica Rinaldi/Reuters           “It’s not like I get many days off,” Jeter said. “It’s not like I want them, either.” MIXED REACTION ON PLAYOFFS Commissioner Bud Selig’s acknowledgment Thursday that the playoffs would almost certainly expand next season from 8 teams to 10 drew a mixed reaction in the Yankees’ clubhouse, with players generally favoring the addition of an extra wild-card spot in each league while wondering how the new format would look.The expansion, subject to collective bargaining with the players union, would match the two wild-card teams against each other in a series whose length would be determined. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “The more teams you keep involved in the races, the better for baseball,” said Joe Girardi, who also expressed concern that too many days off immediately after the season could be a disadvantage to the division winners. Girardi thought that adding another playoff team, and thus an extra series, would compel contending teams to pursue the division title instead of settling for the wild card.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Curtis Granderson supported the plan but said he was leery about the postseason possibly extending into November, as it did in 2009 and could have last year. This year’s playoffs are assured of ending in October.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “There’s a lot of potential, good and question marks, that can come from doing this,” Granderson said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In three of the last four seasons, one-game playoffs have been required to determine playoff spots, and Granderson, who played for Detroit in a one-game playoff against Minnesota in 2009, wondered how those games would be scheduled. From a competitive standpoint, Derek Jeter said he liked the concept, as long as division winners were rewarded, but he shared Girardi’s concern of having too long a layoff between playoff games.“In theory, it sounds like a good idea,” Jeter said, “but I think a lot of kinks would have to be worked out first.”HUGHES WAITS A DAY The steady rain Friday afternoon forced Phil Hughes to push back his scheduled bullpen session to Saturday, when he planned to throw three simulated 15-pitch innings. If the Yankees sense that his arm strength has sufficiently improved, Hughes could begin a minor-league rehabilitation assignment next week. ... C. C. Sabathia will pitch Saturday, but the Yankees have yet to decide whether Freddy Garcia or Ivan Nova will start Sunday. ... The Yankees recalled the veteran right-hander Buddy Carlyle from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to replace Hector Noesi, who did not pitch in 10 days with the team.  A version of this article appears in print on April 23, 2011, on Page D4 of the New York edition with the headline: Rained Out Again, The Yankees Know They’ll Pay the Price.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosMinnesota Twins' Jim Thome watches his solo home run against the Baltimore Orioles during the second inning of a baseball game Thursday, April 21, 2011, in Baltimore.MoreOrioles manager Buck Showalter shuffled his starting rotation after Friday night's game against the New York Yankees was postponed by rain.No makeup date was immediately announced, but it won't be this weekend. New York returns to Baltimore from May 18-19 and Aug. 26-29.Brad Bergesen, who was scheduled to pitch for Baltimore on Friday, will instead start Saturday. CC Sabathia will start for New York.Right-hander Chris Tillman, Sunday's scheduled starter, will be skipped in the rotation because of groin tightness. Jake Arrieta will start instead, and Tillman will be available as a reliever."We'll take this opportunity to try to clear that up," Showalter said of Tillman's injury "It looks like we'll stay in line before everybody else, but don't hold me to that with the off day (on Monday)."Tillman first felt discomfort in his right groin during his last start, Monday against Minnesota."He's had it a couple times. He felt OK, good enough to pitch on Sunday, but now that we've got this opportunity to clean it up," Showalter said. "He could pitch out of the bullpen during that period. It's Saturday of next week before we need a fifth guy."The Orioles' rotation has been in shambles since before opening day. Brian Matusz and Justin Duchscherer are on the disabled list, although Showalter said Friday that Matusz is beginning to make strides in his effort to return from a strained left intercoastal muscle (which is near the ribs)."Matusz threw today," Showalter said Friday afternoon. "It went well. That's encouraging. No discomfort at all. He'll take a day off and do it again on Sunday. Take Monday off and hopefully progress to some form of a mound on Tuesday."Without getting too far ahead of ourselves, hopefully that's the start of him getting on the rubber. But today was very encouraging."New York came to town as the only team in the AL East with a winning record (10-6). The Orioles started the night tied for third with an 8-10 record. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Rainout allows Orioles to skip Tillman's next startClub will give pitcher with groin issues more time to rest; Bergesen to start against Yankees on SaturdayApril 22, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunThe Orioles series opener against the New York Yankees on Friday night was postponed because of rain, allowing the club to skip Chris Tillman's next start. Tillman, who was originally scheduled to start Saturday night, has been dealing with right groin soreness. Brad Bergesen, who was expected to start Friday before the rains came, will now take the ball Saturday opposite Yankees ace CC Sabathia. Jake Arrieta will be on the mound Sunday with the Yankees deciding between Freddy Garcia and Ivan Nova to start the series finale. Following Monday's offday, the Orioles will finish their home stand with a three-game series against the Boston Red Sox. Zach Britton and Jeremy Guthrie will start the first two games, though Orioles manager Buck Showalter hasn't decided the order in which they'll pitch. Bergesen would come back on normal rest and start Thursday's series and home-stand finale, pushing Tillman's next start until next Saturday at the earliest. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "He's had it a couple times," Showalter said of Tillman's groin issues. "He felt good enough, we felt like, to pitch on Saturday. But now that we've got this opportunity, we've been talking about it and make sure we get it all the way taken care of." Showalter said that Tillman, who is 0-2 with a 6.16 ERA and gave up six runs in 1 2/3 innings when he faced the Yankees on April 13, would be available in the bullpen for the next couple of days. The club had been concerned enough about Tillman's status that it considered holding back Triple-A left-hander Mike Ballard from starting Friday with the idea that he'd start Saturday. However, the rainout made that a moot point. It's the second time in a 10-day span where the series opener between the Orioles and Yankees has been rained out. The first was on April 12 in New York. A make-up date has not been announced for either game, but Friday's will likely be made up in late August as part of a scheduled four-game series between the two clubs at Camden Yards. The Yankees are in town again in mid-May, but it's only a two-game set. Izturis: Andino deserves to play When the season started, it was believed that if J.J. Hardy needed a day off or was absent from the lineup for any extended period, Cesar Izturis would assume the starting shortstop job that he held for the previous two seasons. However, that's not how it has played out since Hardy went on the disabled list with a strained left oblique. Robert Andino has started at shortstop in six of the 10 games during Hardy's absence. Izturis, the 31-year-old veteran who re-signed with the club in January, not only has not griped about it, but he's endorsed the move. "It doesn't bother me at all," said Izturis, who has started at shortstop in just five of the Orioles' 18 games. "Definitely, I want to play and I believe I'll have a chance to play. We'll see what happens. But he deserves to play. He's been doing a great job. It's fair. You play good, you deserve to play." Andino was in the lineup as the starting shortstop for a fifth straight game before Friday's rainout. He's batting .308 and has hit safely in four of the past five games, including three straight multi-hit games during that stretch. However, Showalter maintained that Izturis will still get his share of at-bats, and he praised the veteran's influence on Andino and the rest of the club. "Izzy is like having a seventh coach. He gets it, he understands the game. He's going to do this for a long time when he quits playing," Showalter said. "He's going to help us on the field, in the clubhouse or in the dugout. He's locked into every pitch. I can always go down there and bounce something off him from a player's perspective, and he's great for all our players. He's a voice of reality. If you want to hear what you need to hear, not what you want to hear, Izzy is the guy to go to. He's sharp, really sharp. You know what I think of him. He's pretty special people. He's actually played pretty well for us, too. He's not some ceremonial whatever. He's going to play." Big day for Matusz Orioles starter Brian Matusz, who hasn't pitched yet this season because of a strained left intercostal muscle, had a pain-free flat ground session Friday, throwing from as far as 120 feet. Matusz will take Saturday off, throw from flat ground again Sunday and possibly graduate to a bullpen session from off the mound Tuesday. "Without getting too far ahead of ourselves, hopefully that's the start of him getting on the rubber," Showalter said. "Today was very encouraging." Slimmed down Simon still in plans Right-handed pitcher Alfredo Simon, who was jailed in the Dominican Republic for more than two months as the chief suspect in a fatal shooting on New Year's Day, has pitched in two extended spring training games for the Orioles. Showalter said that Simon, who has lost 30 pounds since last year, went two innings in his previous outing and will go three in his next appearance as the club continues to stretch him out to be a starter. Around the horn Showalter said that Hardy is "getting close" to starting baseball activities, but he definitely won't be ready to return when he's eligible to come off the disabled list April 26. … Pitcher Mitch Atkins, who missed just about all of spring training with an oblique injury, is scheduled to make a rehab appearance Saturday for Single-A Frederick. … Arrieta, Britton and Guthrie visited nearly 20 patients at Johns Hopkins Hospital on Friday morning. … Guthrie on Friday organized a bike ride to the ballpark with Arrieta, Matusz, Bergesen, Jeremy Accardo, Kevin Gregg and former Oriole Rick Dempsey in celebration of Earth Day. Guthrie also was prepared to break out a green glove during batting practice. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 15, Orioles 3                                                             As Usual, Baltimore Brings Out Best in Yanks  By BEN SHPIGELAPRIL 23, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       C.  C. Sabathia went eight innings, the longest outing by a Yankees starter this year.   Credit             Rob Carr/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  BALTIMORE — Before Saturday, it had been nine days since the Yankees last glimpsed that elusive celestial body known as the sun, and all the rain and gloom in the interim had made them question its existence.“I think,” Manager Joe Girardi said, “I saw it on TV.”His speculation could not be immediately confirmed, but this could: the Yankees’ two-day hiatus, produced by an ill-timed day off and yet another rainout, had little effect on them.Clearly, they recalled how to pitch. And definitely, they remembered how to hit. Their 15-3 thrashing of the Baltimore Orioles evolved from a mismatch into a rout in a seven-run eighth inning, when they hit three of their five home runs to send Yankee Stadium, err, Camden Yards into hysterics. The legions of Yankees fans that invaded Baltimore for the weekend witnessed a complete performance — eight stellar innings from C. C. Sabathia, a season-high 14 hits, Alex Rodriguez’s 22nd career grand slam — that reached its climax in the top of the ninth, when the Orioles right-hander Josh Rupe made sure Russell Martin did not homer for a third straight at-bat by drilling him between the shoulder blades with a 91-mile-per-hour fastball.The Yankees perceived the pitch as retaliatory. “There’s no doubt about it,” said Martin, who added, “I wouldn’t recommend him doing that again.” The Orioles, acknowledging what Brett Gardner called “quite a coincidence,” said there was no intent, and Rupe suggested that he would try to apologize to Martin on Sunday. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “I’m trying to pitch in and get people out and I didn’t do a good job at all tonight,” Rupe said. “I was all over the map. For me, did I want to send a message? No, I’m not that type of guy.” Photo       Alex Rodriguez's grand slam was one of five Yankees homers.   Credit             Joe Giza/Reuters           Four pitches later, Gardner crushed a two-run homer, and Martin glared at Rupe as he touched the plate.“I’ll just say it was beautiful,” Girardi said.And as the weather went, it was: 74 degrees and clear at first pitch, a turn that clearly delighted Sabathia, perhaps the only person in the visiting clubhouse cheering when Friday’s game was postponed by rain. Sabathia said he slept all day Saturday, trying to recover from flulike symptoms, and then went out and pitched eight innings, the most by a Yankees starter this season, in extending his mastery over the Orioles. He threw 103 pitches, 47 in his last two innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “That’s as good as he’s been,” Girardi said of Sabathia, who improved to 15-2 with a 2.89 earned run average in 21 career starts against the Orioles. He added, “He had the low pitch count, and that’s what we’re used to seeing from C. C.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Armed with solid control of his slider and two-seam fastball, Sabathia retired his first 11 hitters, and 17 of his first 18, to give the Yankees’ relievers a break that was appreciated, if, after the two days off, not entirely needed. Heading into Saturday, the Yankees’ rotation had thrown the fewest innings (851/3 ) in baseball, leaving the bullpen to collect, on average, the final 11 outs. On Saturday, it recorded only three, by the newcomer Buddy Carlyle, who must have enjoyed pitching with a 12-run lead.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Rodriguez said he was curious to see how the Yankees would respond after not playing in 72 hours, and his two-run double helped them blitz Brad Bergesen for three runs in the first.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Robinson Cano knocked in Rodriguez with a single, hardly a surprise. He singled again in the sixth, when he scored on Martin’s first home run, and in the eighth, when he came home on one by Jorge Posada.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Since 2009, Cano is hitting .526 (41 for 78) at Camden Yards. And over his career, he has the second-highest average, .381 (77 for 202), among players with at least 120 plate appearances at the ballpark, according to Stats LLC. Only Ichiro Suzuki of Seattle (.388) surpassed him, and Cano joked that he hoped to overtake Suzuki by Sunday night.At this rate, Martin could eventually join him. With six homers in 54 at-bats, he has exceeded his total (five in 331 at-bats) with Los Angeles last season, evidence that he has overcome the knee and hip problems that threatened to derail his career. An off-season spent strengthening his body through mixed martial arts workouts instilled confidence and, perhaps, a clear state of mind. He credited tai chi with helping him harness his emotions after being plunked by Rupe.“I’m glad it didn’t hit me in the head,” Martin said. “If it hit me in the head, there would have been different consequences, I’m sure.”INSIDE PITCHAfter showing improved arm strength in a throwing session Saturday, Phil Hughes is tentatively scheduled to make a minor league start Thursday. After a round of long-toss, a 45-pitch warm-up and three simulated innings of 15 pitches each, Hughes felt fatigued, but in a good way, he said. “I still felt like my arm had some juice in it,” Hughes said. ... Francisco Cervelli, who fractured his left foot March 2, appears set to join the Yankees toward the middle of next week, provided he is able to catch back-to-back games Monday and Tuesday for Class A Tampa.  A version of this article appears in print on April 24, 2011, on Page SP3 of the New York edition with the headline: As Usual, Baltimore Brings Out Best in Yanks.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      BATS   In Baltimore, Cano Hits Second to Almost None APRIL 23, 2011                       
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Sabathia baffles Orioles on way to 15-3 Yankee winO's pitchers allow five home runs, including A-Rod's 22nd career grand slamApril 23, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunSaturday's drama between the Orioles and New York Yankees peaked in the late innings, when the Bronx Bombers completed a home-run cycle, witnessed their superstar make more baseball history and then watched as one of their hottest players got drilled in the back with a pitch after homering twice. The game itself, though, was basically over after 10 pitches. Paced by another gem from ace CC Sabathia, the Yankees embarrassed the Orioles 15-3 on Saturday night in front of an announced crowd of 39,054, the majority of which was wearing pinstripes and chanting, "Let's Go Yankees." "It's really tough to swallow," said Orioles starter Brad Bergesen (0-3), who allowed six runs in six innings. "To get beat by 12 runs tonight, with that many Yankee fans, it's not fun whatsoever." var adSkipCounter = 0;  The outcome, though, has become the norm when these two American League East teams face off. The first-place Yankees (11-6) are now 40-17 against the Orioles since the start of 2008, and have won 27 of the last 34 match-ups. Making things worse, the Orioles (8-11) lost again to Sabathia, who entered battling flu-like symptoms and exited with his ninth win in 10 decisions at Camden Yards. He is 15-2 versus the Orioles in his career. The big lefty's .900 winning percentage at Camden Yards is the best for anyone who has started at least 10 times in the park's 20 seasons and his .882 winning percentage is tops against the Orioles in their modern-day history (minimum 20 starts). "He was good tonight. He's good a lot of nights, but that's probably the best I've seen all three of his pitches working at the same time," said Orioles catcher Matt Wieters. "His breaking ball, his changeup, he had his fastball working. He was just sitting on the outside corner and he's tough to beat when you do that. He's also tough to beat if you give him 15 runs." Sabathia (1-1) made the Orioles' bats look sickly, retiring the first 11 in order before Derrek Lee's single with two outs in the fourth. Sabathia's only real mistake came in the seventh, when Orioles center fielder Adam Jones hit a three-run homer, his team-leading fourth of the season. Otherwise, Sabathia cruised, allowing six hits, one walk and striking out seven for his first win of the season. He was staked to a 3-0 lead before the Yankees saw their 11th pitch. In the first two minutes of Saturday's thrashing, the Yankees scored three runs on four hits against Bergesen. The right-hander eventually settled, setting down 14 of 17 until the Yankees' three-run sixth, when catcher Russell Martin hit his first of two homers. "It's a great hitting lineup, and like I said, (on) a couple pitches they really made it hurt tonight," said Bergesen, whose ERA is now 5.40. "This lineup, you're not going to get away with a whole lot and it was evident tonight." Bergesen wasn't the only Orioles pitcher victimized: Jason Berken allowed a two-run homer to Jorge Posada and a solo shot to Martin in a seven-run eighth that was capped by the 22nd career grand slam by Alex Rodriguez against reliever Josh Rupe. Rodriguez moved into second all-time in career grand slams while guaranteeing the Yankees the home-run cycle (solo, two-run, three-run and grand slam). It also gave Rodriguez six RBIs, placing him 10th all-time on the RBIs list with 1,847. Rupe served up another home run in the ninth, a two-run shot to Brett Gardner. It occurred right after Rupe plunked Martin in the back — between his shoulder blades. Given Martin's night, it looked like a purpose pitch. "Yes. There's no doubt about it," said Martin, who stared down Rupe but went to first base without incident. "I want to stay in the lineup so I'm not going to do anything stupid, but I wouldn't recommend him doing that again." Afterward, Rupe denied throwing at Martin intentionally. "I've already given up a home run (to Rodriguez) and, yeah, I was really pissed off," Rupe said. "But I'm not going to resort to possibly hurting a guy, and end his career or anything like that. There's no reason for me to do that. I'm not that type of guy." Said Orioles manager Buck Showalter: "It did not look good. I didn't like it at all. But I choose to believe my pitcher and I've known Josh for a long time. I think he'd be very straight with me. But I do understand what it looked like and it didn't look good." It wasn't the only the moment of tension between the teams. In the first inning, with Derek Jeter on first, Anne Arundel County native Mark Teixeira slammed a ball off the out-of-town scoreboard in right. Right fielder Nick Markakis barehanded the ball and threw to shortstop Robert Andino as Teixeira slid hard into the second-base bag. As Teixeira bounced up, he and Andino tangled momentarily and then jawed at each other. Second base umpire Marvin Hudson got between the two to make sure the situation didn't escalate. "He came in and slid and when he came up, he came up with a little shoulder (push) and I just told him, 'Hey, Relax. I'm just putting a tag on you.' That's it," Andino said. "We talked when I got to first base (in the sixth). Everything is cool." Teixeira also dismissed the moment as, "not a big deal at all." Ultimately, the Yankees got the last laugh, dropping the Orioles into last place for the first time this season while scoring their most runs in one game in roughly a season and a half. "I'm glad they don't carry over," Showalter said. "I'm glad in a way that we've got a day game (Sunday). We'll have a challenge tomorrow and we'll see if we're up to it." dan.connolly@baltsun.com twitter.com/danconnollysun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Fans line up for autographs from Brooks Robinson after hospital releaseAt Pikesville event, 'Mr. Oriole' says he's 'getting stronger every day'April 23, 2011|By Yeganeh June Torbati, The Baltimore SunClutching their No. 5 jerseys and holding color photos at the ready, fans waited in line at the Hilton in Pikesville to see Mr. Oriole himself, former third baseman Brooks Robinson, signing autographs as he continues a recovery from a two-week stint in the hospital that ended April 15. At the Charm City Heroes event, where dozens of Baltimore sports stars were signing memorabilia Saturday, Robinson was in good spirits. He greeted some of the same fans who sent him hundreds of get- well cards and letters of support while he was hospitalized for an infection at Greater Baltimore Medical Center. Friday was "the first time I've been out since I got home from the hospital a little over a week ago," Robinson said. "I'm getting stronger every day." var adSkipCounter = 0;  The day before he was supposed to undergo routine surgery in March, Robinson developed a fever and infection and was taken to GBMC, according to a statement he released shortly after being admitted. Robinson was also treated for prostate cancer in 2009, and announced that he remains cancer-free. Terri Hett, 52, received a peck on the cheek from the legendary third baseman before walking away with Robinson's signature on a bright-red baseball bat. Robinson's career spanned her childhood: She began watching him play for the Orioles when she was 4 years old, and Robinson's retirement in 1977 coincided with the year she graduated from high school. "He was my childhood hero. Brooks was my guy, growing up as a kid with my dad," said Hett, who sent Robinson a letter of support when he was in the hospital. "You kind of take those moments for granted, and things change." Greg Rogers, 53, got the chance to introduce Robinson to his son — whom he named after the Orioles player. Brooks Rogers, 18, said he played baseball growing up, also as a third baseman. "He was my hero growing up as a kid, so I named [my son] after my hero," said Greg Rogers, of Glenwood. "He was the best at his position and a great hitter and a wonderful person." The father and son even had a custom No. 5 jersey made with "Brooks" on the back instead of the standard "B. Robinson," which Robinson signed for them Saturday. Many players of Robinson's era stayed with the same team for their entire careers, which made fans more devoted to them, Greg Rogers said. Growing up in Maryland, he said, he watched Robinson "all through my lifetime." Robinson played 23 seasons for the Orioles. "His era was huge. We're still following his career," said Rogers, who works for the Howard County Board of Education. "Now, players move so often, it's hard to follow them." Jason Campbell, 31, is too young to have watched Robinson play. But he, too, learned to love Robinson through his father, and said the very first baseball he owned was signed by Robinson. "He's Mr. Oriole," said Campbell, who works in retail and lives in Hagerstown. "He was the face of the franchise until Cal [Ripken Jr.] came." Robinson's daughter, Diana Farley, and his young grandson, Grant, stood behind Robinson as he signed autographs. Grant also plays baseball as a third baseman and said he got a kick out of all the fans lining up to see his grandfather, known as "Poppy" in the family. "Everybody loves him so much," Diana Farley said. "We're just glad he's out of the hospital." jtorbati@baltsun.com twitter.com/jtorbati     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 6, Orioles 3                                                             In Eventful Day, Yankees’ Offense Does Just Enough for the Victory  By BEN SHPIGELAPRIL 24, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Yankees catcher Russell Martin tagged out Baltimore's Robert Andino in the ninth inning Sunday to force extra innings.   Credit             Gail Burton/Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  BALTIMORE — Call it a coincidence, but storm clouds started forming above Camden Yards on Sunday just about the time the Yankees’ game against Baltimore started losing all semblance of normalcy. An exasperating, exhilarating final two and a half innings followed, and after a series of dramatic moments and a 40-minute rain delay, the ending to the Yankees’ 6-3 victory proved rather anticlimactic.After a brilliant catch by Brett Gardner preserved a one-run lead in the eighth, after Mariano Rivera blew his second consecutive save opportunity and after the teams traded outs on close plays at the plate, the Yankees scored all three runs in the top of the 11th inning on infield singles, a rally aided by two throwing errors and an unplanned steal of third base by Robinson Cano.“One crazy game,” said Russell Martin, who drove in the first run in the 11th.All that it lacked perhaps was the emotional charge of Saturday, when Martin was drilled in the back with what may or may not have been a purpose pitch. There was no retaliation by the Yankees on Sunday, just madness that ended 4 hours 25 minutes after Derek Jeter lashed the first of his four hits, after Boone Logan pitched on both sides of a 40-minute rain delay and when Buddy Carlyle emerged from a short-handed bullpen to record the final two outs and secure a 3-1 trip.Separating the Yankees from perfection was an implosion Tuesday night in Toronto by Rivera. For him, one blown save is rare enough. Two in a row, nearly unheard of, unseen, in fact, since April 15-20, 2007, according to Baseball-Reference.com.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Just keep pitching and continue fighting,” Rivera said. “This is not easy.”The culprit Sunday was poor command of his signature cutter, and neither he nor Manager Joe Girardi thought his struggles derived from being asked to pitch multiple innings. The setup man Rafael Soriano was unavailable with a stiff back, which muddled the Yankees’ relief plans. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Their bullpen issues actually began in the seventh, when Freddy Garcia was lifted after supplying six scoreless innings for a second straight start. He threw 90 pitches — six more than he did last Saturday, when he stifled Texas — and Girardi called on Joba Chamberlain, who gave up a two-run homer to Mark Reynolds. Photo       Curtis Granderson got the Yankees off to a fast start with a two-run homer in the first.   Credit             Gail Burton/Associated Press           Dave Robertson then put runners on first and third with two outs, when, with the left-handed specialist Logan warming up, Rivera came in to face the left-handed-hitting Luke Scott.Last Sept. 19, Scott hit a game-tying homer off Rivera. On Sunday, with the outfield playing him to pull and Gardner standing in shallow left, Scott reached out to poke a slicing liner that looked as if it would carry over his head. Sprinting back, Gardner sensed that the ball hung a little longer than he initially thought. He took a small jump and, with his glove outstretched, snagged the ball a few steps in front of the warning track. “I knew it was trouble,” Gardner said. “I still think it was trouble.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  His catch saved at least one run, and probably two. And when he crossed the third-base line on his way to the dugout, he found several teammates waiting to congratulate him, including Rivera, who thumped his glove and simply said, “Great play.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Gardner could not assist him in the ninth, when with two on and two out, Brian Roberts grounded a two-out double just inside the first-base line that drove in Adam Jones with the tying run, with pinch-runner Robert Andino right behind him. A strong one-hop relay from Cano bounced a little up the line, but Martin lunged to grab it, then swiped his glove across the plate to tag Andino’s left foot and thwart the winning run. “If his front leg wasn’t down, he would have scored,” Martin said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  An equally close play saved the Orioles in the 10th, when Jeter tried scoring on a fly ball to medium-depth center. Jones whipped a throw home that Matt Wieters caught above his head and, while blocking the plate with his right leg, nabbed Jeter for the double play.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I was out,” said Jeter, who surpassed Frank Robinson on the career hit list (2,945), raising his average to .257. “He got me. It looked like he was going to jump, and I thought I could maybe get under it.”Cano had a similarly honest reaction when asked about his daring base-running exploits in the 11th, when he nearly committed the cardinal baseball sin of being the first out at third. After hitting a leadoff double, Cano took a sizable lead off second, but his right foot caught in the dirt and Wieters fired to second, trying to throw behind him. Cano reacted instantly. He broke for third, sliding in before the throw from Andino, and scored what proved to be the winning run on Martin’s grounder to deep short.“That was real quick,” Cano said, smiling. “I didn’t plan anything.”  A version of this article appears in print on April 25, 2011, on Page D2 of the New York edition with the headline: In Eventful Day, Yankees’ Offense Does Just Enough for the Victory.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      BATS   The Morning After, Yankees Still Upset APRIL 24, 2011             YANKEES 15, ORIOLES 3   Yankees 15, Orioles 3: Sabathia and Yanks Perfectly Comfortable in Baltimore APRIL 23, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball  The Thinking Man’s Slugger  By TYLER KEPNERAPRIL 24, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Paul Konerko watches his ninth inning solo home run against the Angels on August 16.  Credit             Charles Cherney/Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — The most dangerous fastball hitter in baseball came to the plate as the go-ahead run with two outs in the ninth inning last Tuesday at Tropicana Field. Paul Konerko of the Chicago White Sox fouled off four pitches from the Tampa Bay Rays’ James Shields, who commanded his repertory all night.On the fifth pitch, Shields unleashed a fastball, up and in at 93 miles an hour, and Konerko swung and missed to end the game. It was another loss for the struggling White Sox, who start a four-game series at Yankee Stadium on Monday, and Konerko, the team captain, succinctly distilled his failure.“I got good pitches to hit and took good swings, but when you foul it back and you just miss a ball, that’s the sign of that slight hesitation because a guy can do so much,” Konerko said. “That’s what was happening tonight. Pitches you don’t normally miss, you might just barely miss because all of the other things he can do.”Konerko could have gone on like that, in far greater detail, about the physical reasons he struck out: the mechanics of his swing, the subtle movements of his hands and hips and feet. Konerko, 35, has an unusually keen understanding of how he hits, constantly thinking about the best method to get to the same point, where bat meets ball and often sends it far. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “I’m sure a lot of hitting coaches would probably say, ‘Shut up and go hit,’ ” said Greg Walker, who has coached the White Sox’ hitters since 2003. “But that’s just not how his brain works. He’s a very smart, intellectual guy. Sometimes I think he’s too smart to play baseball. But he’s pulled it off, he’s had a great career, and he’s still going strong.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Konerko is hitting .313 with five homers, picking up where he left off in 2010. According to FanGraphs, Konerko created 3.45 more runs off fastballs last season than the average hitter, the best figure in the majors. The next closest in the American League was Josh Hamilton of Texas (3.31), and Joey Votto of Cincinnati (2.84) led the National League. Hamilton and Votto won the Most Valuable Player awards for their leagues.Such fame has escaped Konerko, despite playing in a major media market for 13 seasons. He has often been overshadowed as a slugger on his own team, and even when he hit a grand slam in Game 2 of the 2005 World Series, a different hitter — Scott Podsednik — got the game-winner and the cover of Sports Illustrated.Konerko has compiled 363 home runs and 1,143 runs batted in for the White Sox, trailing only Frank Thomas in the 111-year history of the franchise. Jim Thome, Ken Griffey Jr. and Manny Ramirez have passed through during Konerko’s tenure, and last winter the White Sox signed Adam Dunn, a signal to some that the team had found a full-time replacement for his power.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “There was definitely concern,” said Gordon Beckham, the second baseman. “I didn’t think he was coming back once we got Adam.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But Konerko returned for three years and $37.5 million, turning down a chance to play with his hometown Arizona Diamondbacks. He also came back after the 2005 championship, rejecting a richer offer from the Baltimore Orioles. Both times, he said, the presence of Walker played into his decision. Photo       Paul Konerko has 363 homers in 13 seasons in Chicago.   Credit             Nam Y. Huh/Associated Press           Konerko was lost when Walker took over as hitting coach in May 2003, his average buried at .221, his power sapped. He had an inquisitive mind, but little grasp of what makes a successful hitter, even with a model like Thomas as a teammate.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I would look at Frank, and that didn’t appeal to my eye,” Konerko said. “I wasn’t thinking like that back then, as far as where weight was distributed — that’s not the way I hit. Now I look at it and it’s like, he was hitting the right way. That’s exactly what I would like to do.”Walker told Konerko that he wanted him to understand his swing, and warned that he might not see results right away. Though Konerko did not improve very much, finishing the season at .234, he liked the way he could drive the ball to center and right. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Essentially, Walker and Konerko agreed on how the snapshot of his swing should look when he connected, and Konerko accepted some absolutes, specifically in his lower half. Konerko can tinker with the rest of it, especially the placement of his hands.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Hand moves, that’s his project,” Walker said. “He’s done a lot of different things. We kid him all the time: ‘What swing are you using today? No. 64? No. 72?’ ”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Yet Walker marvels at Konerko’s tools and his intellect. Walker played first base for the White Sox from 1982 to 1990, and said he never mastered the proper swing, especially against hard throwers. Konerko, he said, is talented enough to execute the right mechanics and bright enough to adjust them from pitch to pitch.“If we can ever get him down to less than five mechanical thoughts that he’s having during an at-bat, he’s a very dangerous man,” Walker said. “I don’t think I’ve ever been around anybody who can have mechanical thoughts in the box and still be successful. He’s the only one.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Konerko said every hitter thinks about mechanics at the plate; it’s simply a matter of focusing on the proper cues. He recognizes his limitations, knowing he must do just enough damage on off-speed pitches to get the fastballs he devours.The plan, Walker said, is always to gear for a fastball, which puts a hitter in position to drive any pitch. But that cannot happen without solid mechanics, and Walker said he had spent more time dissecting the subject with Konerko than with all his other hitters combined.Konerko could make a good hitting coach, Walker said, though he laughed and said he would not wish the job on anyone. With two young children, Konerko said he doubted it would appeal to him. Besides, he added, he has spent enough time trying to master the art of his craft.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Never say never,” he said. “But I’m thinking the game might only get one crack at me.”  A version of this article appears in print on April 25, 2011, on Page D2 of the New York edition with the headline: The Thinking Man’s Slugger.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Robert Andino, center, reacts after being called out at the plate by New York Yankees catcher Russell Martin (55) on a double by Brian Roberts during the ninth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, April 24, 2011, in Baltimore. Also pictured is Baltimore Orioles' Adam Jones (10). MoreOne night after getting stomped by the New York Yankees, the Baltimore Orioles turned in an inspired performance against their AL East rivals.Unfortunately for Baltimore, the game had a sickeningly familiar ending.Russell Martin singled home the tiebreaking run in the 11th inning after Mariano Rivera gave up the lead in the ninth, and the Yankees escaped with a 6-3 victory Sunday.Less than 24 hours earlier, the Orioles yielded five home runs in a 15-3 defeat. In this one, they rallied from a three-run deficit and forced extra innings on a double by Brian Roberts with two outs in the bottom of the ninth.It all came apart in the 11th, however, after a 40-minute rain delay."I won't say it messed us up," center fielder Adam Jones said, "but we had a lot of momentum going before it. What can you do?"In a three-run 11th, the Yankees got three infield hits and took advantage of two Baltimore throwing errors."We didn't do enough to win," Jones conceded.But at least Baltimore didn't go quietly after falling behind 3-0."I was real proud of everybody," manager Buck Showalter said. "We'll get some breaks to go our way and we'll keep battling."Mark Reynolds, who hit a two-run homer, said, "We just got some bad bounces here, bad bounces there, and come out on the losing end somehow."Robinson Cano led off the 11th with a double off Jason Berken (0-1). After Nick Swisher failed on a bunt attempt, Cano was caught between the bases. Catcher Matt Wieters threw to second, and Cano scampered safely to third.Swisher struck out, and after an intentional walk to Eric Chavez, Martin hit a grounder deep in the hole to shortstop Robert Andino, who threw wildly to second in a desperate attempt to start a double play."It's just a firm ground ball that was hit in the right spot," Showalter said. "Robert tried to make a great play and I applaud him for it."One out later, Derek Jeter hit a slow roller to third, and Reynolds' throw went awry on what was ruled an infield hit. Curtis Granderson followed with an RBI single off the glove of Roberts at second base.Boone Logan (1-1) got four outs, and Buddy Carlyle retired the final two batters.Jeter had four hits for the Yankees, who earned their sixth straight series win at Camden Yards. New York is 41-17 against Baltimore since the start of the 2008 season.After Reynolds homered off Chamberlain to make it 3-2 in the seventh, the Orioles drew even in the ninth. With runners on first and second and two outs, Roberts bounced a double into the right-field corner. One run scored, but Andino was thrown out at the plate by Cano, who took the relay from Swisher."A perfect relay is what it takes," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "Swish comes up and hits the cutoff man, hits Robbie, and Robbie makes a good throw and we get Andino."In the top of the 10th, New York had runners at the corners with one out when Alex Rodriguez lifted a fly ball to medium center. Jeter tagged up at third and Jones uncorked a dart that reached Wieters in the air.Wieters had the plate blocked, and he tagged Jeter for the final out."Pretty simple," Jones said. "Who cares about the cutoff man in that situation? If I one-hopped it or anything like that, he would have been safe."Freddy Garcia pitched six innings of two-hit ball for New York and left with a 3-0 lead. He struck out seven and walked two in his second start with the Yankees. The right-hander permitted one runner past second base and retired 13 of the last 14 batters he faced.With the score 3-2 in the eighth, the Orioles got runners on the corners with two outs in the eighth against David Robertson.Rivera came in to face Luke Scott, who hit an opposite-field liner to left that the speedy Brett Gardner snagged just short of the warning track. In a rare outburst of emotion, a grinning Rivera thrust his right arm upward before walking off the mound."It's a game-saving play is what it is," Girardi said.Orioles starter Jake Arrieta gave up three runs, five hits and three walks in six innings. The right-hander had a career-high nine strikeouts.New York needed only four pitches to take a 2-0 lead. After Jeter singled on Arrieta's first offering, Granderson hit a 1-1 pitch into the right-field seats, his team-high seventh homer of the season.Arrieta rebounded from his poor start to keep the Yankees in check until the fifth, when Granderson doubled and scored on a grounder by Rodriguez.NOTES: Reynolds' homer ended his 0-for-22 skid. ... Roberts stretched his hitting streak to 11 games. ... Cano extended his hitting streak to 13 games, and now has hit in 16 straight games against the Orioles. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees' Mark Teixeira follows through on a single against the Baltimore Orioles during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, April 24, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreRussell Martin singled home the tiebreaking run in the 11th inning after Mariano Rivera gave up the lead in the ninth, and the New York Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-3 Sunday for a two-game sweep.The thriller of a game had a bit of everything, including a 40-minute rain delay in the 11th inning. Baltimore rallied from a three-run deficit against Joba Chamberlain and Rivera; both teams had the go-ahead run thrown at the plate in the late innings; and the Yankees ultimately won on the strength of three infield hits and a couple of Baltimore errors in a wild 11th.Robinson Cano led off the inning with a double off Jason Berken (0-1). After Nick Swisher failed on a bunt attempt, Cano was caught between the bases. Catcher Matt Wieters threw to second, and Cano scampered safely to third.Swisher struck out, and after an intentional walk to Eric Chavez, Martin hit a grounder deep in the hole to shortstop Robert Andino, who threw wildly to second in a desperate attempt to start a double play.One out later, Derek Jeter hit a slow roller to third, and Mark Reynolds' throw went awry on what was ruled an infield hit. Curtis Granderson followed with an RBI single off the glove of second baseman Brian Roberts.Boone Logan (1-1) got four outs, and Buddy Carlyle retired the final two batters.Jeter had four hits for Yankees, who earned their sixth straight series win at Camden Yards. New York is 41-17 against Baltimore since the start of the 2008 season.After Mark Reynolds hit a two-run homer off Chamberlain to make it 3-2 in the seventh, the Orioles drew even in the ninth against Rivera. With runners on first and second and two outs, Roberts bounced a double into the right-field corner. One run scored, but Andino was thrown out at the plate by Cano, who took the relay from Swisher.In the top of the 10th, New York had runners at the corners with one out when Alex Rodriguez lifted a fly ball to medium center. Jeter tagged up at third and Adam Jones uncorked a dart that reached Wieters in the air.Wieters had the plate blocked, and he tagged Jeter for the final out.Yankees starter Freddy Garcia pitched six innings of two-hit ball and left with a 3-0 lead, but he was betrayed by the New York bullpen.Garcia struck out seven and walked two in his second start with the Yankees. The right-hander permitted one runner past second base and retired 13 of the last 14 batters he faced.With the score 3-2 in the eighth, the Orioles got runners on the corners with two outs in the eighth against David Robertson.Rivera came in to face Luke Scott, who hit an opposite-field liner to left that the speedy Brett Gardner snagged just short of the warning track. In a rare outburst of emotion, a grinning Rivera thrust his right arm upward before walking off the mound.But Rivera would give away the lead in the ninth, his second blown save in nine opportunities.Orioles starter Jake Arrieta gave up three runs, five hits and three walks in six innings. The right-hander had a career-high nine strikeouts.New York needed only four pitches to take a 2-0 lead. After Jeter singled on Arrieta's first offering, Granderson hit a 1-1 pitch into the right-field seats, his team-high seventh homer of the season.Arrieta rebounded from his poor start to keep the Yankees in check until the fifth. Granderson doubled with one out, took third on a single by Mark Teixeira and scored when Rodriguez beat the relay on a potential double-play ball that resulted only in an out at second base.NOTES: Jeter has 2,945 career hits. ... Reynolds' homer ended his 0-for-22 skid. ... Roberts stretched his hitting streak to 11 games. ... Cano extended his hitting streak to 13 games, and now has hit in 16 straight games against the Orioles. 
4 I’ll be back later to talk about the dismal performance of the Orioles of late, but this time I want to put up something positive. Saturday night we stopped at Camden Yards on the way back north after a week at the beach and even a blowout at the hands of the Yankees can’t dampen the charm of the Yard.Living in upstate New York near Rochester, its tough to get to Baltimore as much as we’d like. But we manage to catch at least a few games every year, sometimes more. Saturday night we had great seats in section 14, a bit down the right field line behind first base. I have to admit I don’t like paying a $20 per seat adder for “premium games” – games against the Yankees and Red Sox – but I pay it anyway.Ticket prices aside, Camden Yards is looking better than ever. It is still the best place in all of major league baseball to watch a game. I’ve been to over 20 MLB stadiums and Camden Yards is still tops. And this year its been spruced up a bit, so go and make sure you check out what’s new:Natty Boh is Back!   National Bohemian, originally brewed in Baltimore, is back on tap at the Yard. The only thing better than a “Dog and a Beer” is a “Dog and a Boh”.Fantastic Food.  There’s more than Boog’s Barbecue to go with that Boh. Oh What a Dog, Das Sausage Haus and Pollack Johnny’s are all part of the new and improved concession. The lines were long because the Yankees were there and it was a big crowd. And despite the vendors struggling to keep up (the service was sloooow….) the food was top notch. Make sure you save room for the polish sausage from Johnny’s, delish…More Shops.  There was The Oriole Store in the warehouse and a few stands in the concession area in past years. Now there are 3 or 4 new stores, including a custom jersey shop. For someone who claims to have more Oriole “stuff” than any current Oriole (without a doubt), the improvements in the merchandise stores were a welcomed upgrade.HD Scoreboard. Has it always been an HD screen out in centerfield? I don’t think so. The picture on the big board was amazing, it was as good as sitting in front of my 55″ Sony HD in my living room. Incredible.Even with a lousy Oriole team on the field that hardly signs any autographs (that will be another post when it’s really time to blast the O’s), its still one of my favorite places in the world. Camden Yards on a Saturday night, now that’s what its all about! 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Great find and terrible loss have buoyed Orioles' BrittonApril 26, 2011|By Kevin Van Valkenburg | The Baltimore SunLong before Zach Britton was a major league baseball player, and well before the left-handed pitcher used his devastating power sinker to emerge as one of the few bright spots for the Orioles in an already-challenging 2011 season, he was a California teenager who nearly paralyzed himself running full speed into a stadium light support because he refused to stop chasing a meaningless batting-practice foul ball. The Britton family could tell countless stories about Zach's hyper-competitive nature growing up. As the youngest of three brothers, Britton grew to hate losing so much, he would occasionally storm into the house on the verge of tears, vowing to his parents that his elder siblings, Clay and Buck, would never beat him at anything again. Ever. He didn't care that they were older, stronger and faster. Losing - it didn't matter whether it was in basketball, baseball, football or motorcycle racing - drove him a little bit insane. But the day he smashed into that light support during an otherwise forgettable baseball practice in Santa Clarita, Calif., is probably the most telling example of why Britton made it to the big leagues. Along the way, there were other kids who might have had more talent, but none was quite as fearless or competitive as Britton. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "It was really one of the worst days of our lives," said Greg Britton, Zach's father. "When we were in the hospital, the doctors showed us his scans, and he had a bubble on his brain about the size of a quarter. They told us: 'If this doesn't go down in a day or so, we're going to have to drill through his skull to relieve the pressure. And if we do that, it may affect his motor skills.' At that point, you just drop to your knees and start praying." To this day, Britton, 23, remembers very little about what happened, but he does have a very specific memory of lying in his hospital bed and overhearing the doctors tell his parents that his brain was bleeding. "When you're young like that, you really have no idea how serious things are," Britton said. "I just wanted to get out of the [intensive care unit] so I could play that next week." When the swelling subsided after a day and Britton was allowed to go home, he waited a few days, then told his baseball coaches he had been medically cleared to play - something that was not true - and he expected to see action again. His family was not amused when his coaches called to verify what he was saying. "He's scared us a few times with his intensity," Greg Britton said. Without that intensity, though, Britton isn't sure what kind of pitcher he would be. He certainly wouldn't be the guy who is 3-1 with a 3.16 ERA as a rookie. He's scheduled to take the mound tonight against the Boston Red Sox, trying to help the Orioles halt a three-game losing streak. "Kennie Steenstra, my pitching coach [at Double-A Bowie], he always told me that what made me successful on the mound is that I really wanted it more than anyone," Britton said. "I wasn't going to stand for anything other than being successful." Explaining Britton's success, however, requires a technical explanation as well as an emotional one. Because as far as he's concerned, it has a lot to do with both. If you want to understand why Britton looks like the kind of pitcher who could anchor the Orioles' staff for years to come, you need to hear the story of the accidental sinker, and also the one about Sandi Stephens.    Fortuitous find From the technical side of things, Britton was obviously a good pitcher in high school, especially when you consider how rare it is to find a left-hander who can hit the mid-90s on the radar gun. His family moved from California to Texas when he was 16, and, in time, he fit right in on the Weatherford High baseball team, one of the state's best programs. But it's probably a stretch to say he was a great pitcher. All he really knew how to throw was a fastball. He was actually a better outfielder, and that's what he planned to primarily play at Texas A&M;, which offered him a scholarship his senior year. "I don't think anybody expected me to be in the big leagues early on," Britton said. "There's no chance. I was just playing to get a scholarship." The Orioles decided to roll the dice with Britton, grabbing him in the third round of the 2006 draft and handing him a $435,000 signing bonus to keep him from playing for the Aggies. But it initially didn't look like the wisest investment when Britton got smacked around in Rookie ball, going 0-4 with a 5.29 ERA in 11 starts for Bluefield. He acknowledges now that he didn't handle it well. His anger got the best of him. He wanted to smash water coolers after every bad start. Even when he did rein in his temper, he sulked instead.1 | 2 | 3 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Orioles' Showalter won't 'tip my hand' when it comes to changing lineupManager says, 'I still like the potential of what our lineup could bring'April 26, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore Sun With a RBI single in the second, Matt Wieters improved to 7-for-7 with 11 RBIs with runners in scoring position this season. … Showalter was asked by a Boston reporter about his comments this spring regarding the Red Sox, their lofty payroll and the baseball acumen of general manager Theo Epstein. Showalter said: "It's not really a topic of conversation for us. But if it is, it is. It's not [the players'] fault, it's my fault." Epstein has declined to comment previously and is not on the trip to Baltimore. … Tillman and reliever Jason Berken participated in a ride-along with Baltimore City Police on Tuesday morning. … Top prospect Manny Machado hit his first two homers for Single-A Delmarva on consecutive days Monday and Tuesday, his second and third as a professional after he hit one last year with the Gulf Coast League Orioles. In 16 games with the Shorebirds, the 18-year-old shortstop is batting .290 with 11 RBIs, a .392 on-base percentage and a .468 slugging percentage. … First base prospect Joe Mahoney (quadriceps strain) returned to action for Double-A Bowie on Tuesday. He batted fifth and was the designated hitter. dan.connolly@baltsun.com twitter.com/danconnollysun  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles Adam Jones connects for a sacrifice fly scoring a run against the Boston Red Sox in the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 26, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreThe momentum the Boston Red Sox brought with them from the West Coast was no match for a rookie with a wicked sinkerball and a torrid fastball.Zach Britton allowed one run in six innings to earn his fourth win, Derrek Lee had two hits and scored twice, and the Baltimore Orioles ended Boston's five-game winning streak with a 4-1 victory Tuesday night.Britton (4-1) became the first rookie starter in franchise history to win four games in April. He has an impressive 2.84 ERA and owns nearly half of Baltimore's nine victories this year.On this night he outdueled Boston starter Clay Buchholz (1-3), who allowed four runs and 12 hits in 6 2-3 innings."Four runs with the way (Britton) was pitching was too much," Red Sox manager Terry Francona said. "He bent but he didn't break. We just didn't have the offense tonight."Blame Britton, who gave up five hits, walked two and struck out two.Left-handed hitter David Ortiz, who went 1 for 2 with a walk against the rookie, said, "He's super-tough on righties. He's a young kid who just come in the league. It seems like he has good stuff. He was hitting 95 (mph)."After splitting a pair of games in Oakland, Boston took four straight from Los Angeles and was on the verge of reaching .500 for the first time.Britton wouldn't let it happen."I can see why they like him," Francona said. "He's got velocity. It looks like he's got some poise."Adam Jones drove in two runs for the Orioles, who won for only the third time in 14 games, and Vladimir Guerrero had his first three-hit game since coming to Baltimore as a free agent during the offseason.After Britton left, Jim Johnson notched four strikeouts in two innings and Kevin Gregg worked a perfect ninth for his third save.Buchholz never retired the side in order, but he managed to keep the Red Sox close."I thought I threw the ball better tonight than I did in the earlier game (against Oakland) when I got a win out of it," the right-hander said. "I felt like I was throwing all my pitches for strikes. They sat back and hit a couple of good curve balls."Kevin Youkilis drove in the run for the Red Sox, who got only six hits.Baltimore ended Boston's run of 19 straight scoreless innings by taking a 1-0 lead in the second. Luke Scott singled, took third on a one-out double by Mark Reynolds and scored when Matt Wieters' bouncer hit first base for a single. Buchholz then struck out Robert Andino and Brian Roberts.The Orioles used two singles, a walk and a sacrifice fly by Jones to go up 2-0 in the third.Boston closed to 2-1 in the fourth when Dustin Pedroia singled, advanced on a groundout, stole third and scored on a fly ball by Youkilis.The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth before Adrian Gonzalez grounded into a fielder's choice.In the bottom half, Lee and Guerrero singled before Jones hit a run-scoring fly to center. Reynolds chased Buchholz with a sacrifice fly in the seventh.NOTES: Wieters was 7 for 7 with 11 RBIs with runners in scoring position before grounding out with two on in the seventh. ... Boston starters have a 1.33 ERA over the last 10 games. ... Roberts extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a sixth-inning single. ... Buchholz was 5-2 lifetime against Baltimore and 3-0 in his previous three starts at Camden Yards. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles Adam Jones connects for a sacrifice fly scoring a run against the Boston Red Sox in the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 26, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreRookie Zach Britton allowed one run in six innings to earn his fourth win, Derrek Lee had two hits and scored twice, and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Red Sox 4-1 Tuesday night to end Boston's five-game winning streak.Adam Jones drove in two runs for the Orioles, who won for only the third time in 14 games, and Vladimir Guerrero had his first three-hit game since coming to Baltimore as a free agent during the offseason.Britton (4-1) became the first rookie starter in franchise history to win four games in April. The left-hander has accounted for nearly half of Baltimore's nine victories this year.Britton gave up five hits, walked two and struck out two in his fifth career start, all this year. It was the third time he permitted one run or fewer.Jim Johnson notched four strikeouts in two innings and Kevin Gregg worked a perfect ninth for his third save.Boston starter Clay Buchholz (1-3) yielded four runs and 12 hits in 6 2-3 innings, his longest outing of the year.Kevin Youkilis drove in the lone run for the Red Sox, who managed only six hits. Boston had won eight of nine and was vying to reach .500 for the first time this season.Baltimore ended Boston's run of 19 straight scoreless innings while taking a 1-0 lead in the second. Luke Scott singled, took third on a one-out double by Mark Reynolds and scored when Matt Wieters' bouncer hit first base for a single. Buchholz then struck out Robert Andino and Brian Roberts.The Orioles used two singles, a walk and a sacrifice fly by Jones to go up 2-0 in the third.Boston closed to 2-1 in the fourth when Dustin Pedroia singled, advanced on a groundout, stole third and scored on a fly ball by Youkilis.The Red Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth before Adrian Gonzalez grounded into a fielder's choice.In the bottom half, Lee and Guerrero singled before Jones hit a run-scoring fly to center.Reynolds chased Buchholz with a sacrifice fly in the seventh.NOTES: Wieters was 7 for 7 with 11 RBIs with runners in scoring position before grounding out with two on in the seventh. ... Boston starters have a 1.33 ERA over the last 10 games. ... Roberts extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a sixth-inning single. ... Buchholz was 5-2 lifetime against Baltimore and 3-0 in his previous three starts at Camden Yards. 
6  Going into tonight's game, few were expecting a win. And given that the O's had already won the first two games, I think many fans were at peace with that. A win tonight would have been gravy. The trouble is, the Orioles never seem lose in a dignified manner. Instead of Jon Lester shutting down the offense the way he tends to do and Brad Bergesen giving up a handful of runs, Bergy went toe-to-toe with Lester and the loss turned out to be thanks to another ugly (and I mean ugly) performance by the bullpen. I'm happy to say that it was a good night for Bergesen. He got himself into a sticky situation in the first inning, as the first batter he faced, Jacoby Ellsbury, lined a double to the left-center gap. Ellsbury scored two batters later on a double by Adrian Gonzalez, which Bergy immediately followed with a walk to Kevin Youkilis. Thankfully David Ortiz grounded into a double play, so the damage was limited, but with twenty-four pitches thrown, it was a rough way to start the game.  Bergesen retired the side on seven pitches in the second inning but got into another jam in the third, again with Ellsbury and Gonzalez. After retiring Marco Scutaro on a fly ball to center, Ellsbury got another hit, this time a single to left. He moved to second on a ground out by Pedroia (it was a nice play by Reynolds, who had to rush in and barehand the softly hit ball), then scored on a single by Gonzalez.      Bergesen cruised through the fourth and fifth innings, then needed a Houdini act to get through the sixth. To start, Pedroia hit a ball just out in front of the plate. Bergesen could have thrown him out but instead fell down. It was sad. Gonzalez then hit a ball down the left field line for a double (Jake Fox was playing left field tonight, as he tends to do against left-handed pitchers. Felix Pie would have made the catch, and could have done at least what Fox did at the plate tonight, which was nothing), putting runners on second and third. If you thought this was the beginning of the massacre, you weren't alone. But Bergesen got his act together and struck out Youkilis and Ortiz and, after an intentional walk to J.D. Drew to load the bases, Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a long fly ball to center. The Red Sox fans in the crowd began to roar and Adam Jones raced back, back, back, and made a leaping catch to save the inning! The moment the Sox fans shut up the O's fans took over, roaring their appreciation. It was the second fine catch of the night for Adam Jones, who looks light years better in the field than he did in 2010.That would be it for Bergesen. He took the mound to start the seventh but was removed without facing a batter, presumably so that he could get a nice ovation from the crowd. It could be considered another premature removal given that Bergy was only at 92 pitches and hadn't pitched poorly, but regardless it was a fine night for him. Bergy's final line: 6 IP, 6 H, 2 ER, 2 BB (1 IBB), 5 K. Unfortunately Bergesen had two things going against him tonight: Jon Lester and the Orioles bullpen. First, Lester. The O's were down 1-0 before they got their first at-bat, but they made up for it quickly. Brian Roberts worked a walk with Nick Markakis following with a solid single to left. In vintage fashion,  Roberts stole third. The throw wasn't even close. Derrek Lee singled between shortstop and third, scoring Roberts and tying the game at one. That's where the good hitting stopped. Vladimir Guerrero struck out on an ridiculous pitch low and away, and Jones hit into a 6-4-3 double play to end the inning.After that Lester pitched like the Lester we expected. He didn't allow another hit until the sixth inning, although he did have some trouble with his control in the fourth, walking Jones and Matt Wieters with two down, but Mark Reynolds got him out of that jam by grounding out on the first pitch. With two outs in the sixth, Lester hit a roadblock named Vladdy. Vlad worked a 3-2 count and just as I wondered aloud if he might draw his first walk of the season, he hit a screaming line drive to left field for a home run. Seriously, that ball was smoked. The home run tied the game at 2. Lester struck out Jones to end the inning and flew through the seventh and eighth innings, allowing just one more hit. Now for that other obstacle standing between the Orioles and victory: the bullpen. Jim Johnson came on to pitch the seventh and Carl Crawford finally got something done doubling to right. Scutaro attempted to bunt, but it was terrible. Wieters pounced on the ball, glared Crawford back to second, and threw Scutaro out. After moving to third on a ground out, Crawford scored the go ahead run when Pedroia hit very soft grounder to third that Reynolds couldn't handle. After hitting Youkilis to lead off the eighth, JJ was removed in favor of Mike Gonalez. That's the same guy who has allowed runs in five of his six appearances this year, in case you were wondering. But maybe tonight would be his lucky night! Haha, just kidding. Gonzalez was absolutely terrible. Ortiz singled up the middle and pinch-hitter Mike Cameron walked to load the bases. A single by Saltalamacchia knocked in Youkilis, then Gonzalez got his only out of the night by striking out Crawford. With the bases still loaded and one out, Jason Berken tried to stop the bleeding. He did not. He did get Scutaro to pop out, but then that jerk Ellsbury got another hit on which both Ortiz and Cameron scored. Both runs were charged to Gonzalez, who has now allowed eight earned runs in five and one-third innings. So the Orioles went into the bottom of the ninth, needing just four runs to tie and five to win. They got zero, going down in order against Jonathan Papelbon.   
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */With Roberts' hamstring feeling better, Orioles could see more stealsLeadoff man has dealt with soreness since start of seasonApril 29, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunCHICAGO — — As it turns out, Brian Roberts' reluctance to steal bases wasn't a result of concern over his back. It was because of a sore right hamstring. A day after stealing third base in the first inning against the Boston Red Sox — his second stolen base of the season and first since April 6, a span of 18 games — Roberts revealed Friday that he has been dealing with hamstring discomfort since the season began. "I wanted to be on the field, and I knew if I was trying to run recklessly, I probably wouldn't have been able to stay in the lineup," Roberts said. "But it's gotten a lot better. [Thursday] was one of those times. I told [manager Buck Showalter] a long time ago, 'Look, I want to play so I probably won't be stealing much.' Hopefully, that's going to change now that I'm getting healthy." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Since returning to the Orioles' lineup July 23 after missing about 31/2 months with a herniated disk in his back, Roberts has just 12 stolen bases and 14 attempts in 78 games. That has prompted questions about whether he'll ever again be the player who averaged 34 stolen bases a season from 2004 to 2009. "I was trying to be smart so I can maybe steal 30 the last 120 games and not the first 10. I told [head athletic trainer Richie Bancells] the other day, I said, 'I finally may have used my head for a week or two,'" Roberts said. "I wanted to run, but I sat there and said, 'Is this smart?' I want to play 162 games or 159 or whatever. Once I'm getting past that, no, I don't want to be the new Brian Roberts, quote, unquote. I want to run, and I think I still can run. I think I can still steal 30 bases, and that's what I'm hoping to do." Roberts said he started feeling hamstring soreness late in spring training, which he attributed to coming back after missing about 10 days with back and neck issues. However, it hasn't stopped him from playing and batting leadoff in all 24 of the Orioles' games this season. "I said when I came back, I don't want to play 120 games. I don't want to sit out 40 games or have one day a week off," Roberts said. "[Showalter] tried to give me a day off in that first doubleheader [April 9 against the Texas Rangers], and I said, 'Buck, I want to play; I'm good to go.' You're going to battle things. You're going to have nagging injuries. I'm not different than anybody else in this room right now. But when it boils down to me being able to go out there and play, I feel fine. I think I'm getting to a point where I can do what I want to do." The Orioles have stolen just five bases this season, tied with the Atlanta Braves for the fewest in the major leagues. Roberts' steals of third Thursday was the team's first stolen base since April 7. However, Roberts' getting on base and running could certainly set the tone and encourage teammates to steal more. "He's been nicked up, but we want him on the field," Showalter said. "He always presents that challenge. The opposition doesn't know if he's going or not. He creates a lot of havoc even when he doesn't run. I've got a lot of confidence in him knowing himself and the needs we have. He's another guy that seems to dial up what we need. I'm real excited about his play so far." Orioles feeling left out The Orioles are carrying two left-handed relief specialists — Michael Gonzalez and Clay Rapada — but neither has been overly impressive against left-handed hitters, albeit in small sample sizes. Lefty hitters are 3-for-11 against Gonzalez and 2-for-6 off Rapada. Both could play a role in this series with left-handed-hitting slugger Adam Dunn looming in the middle of the Chicago White Sox order. "We're cognizant of the issue, and I'm hopeful that it is going to improve," Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said. MacPhail also stuck by the struggling Gonzalez, who has a 13.50 ERA and has given up runs in four straight outings and in six of seven appearances this season. That included Thursday, when Gonzalez faced four batters and allowed three to reach base. However, MacPhail and Showalter said they were encouraged by the outing because Gonzalez's stuff was much better than it has been. "The results weren't what you'd hope for, but I was actually encouraged by the last outing and the velocity return," MacPhail said. "Some of his breaking stuff was crisper, like we've seen it in the past. I went back and looked at it, and when he came back from his injury last year, opponents hit .165 off him for the rest of the year. You just have to get him back to that, and I thought he got a lot closer yesterday. I was encouraged by the performance because we need him." Gonzalez would need to approve a demotion to the minor leagues, but MacPhail said that hasn't been considered. Injury updates1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Brad Bergesen delivers against the Boston Red Sox in the first inning of a baseball game, Thursday, April 28, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreWith Jon Lester pitching for Boston, Orioles right-hander Brad Bergesen knew he had little margin for error.Bergesen matched the Red Sox left-hander for six innings, but wasn't around to see the end of Lester's latest masterpiece against the Orioles on Thursday night."You know Lester, his career against the Orioles — I knew just every pitch mattered tonight," Bergesen said after allowing two runs on six hits and picking up a no-decision in a 6-2 loss that dropped Baltimore into last place. "I think the biggest thing for me was the sixth inning, getting in that jam and being able to get out of it."Lester improved to 14-0 all-time against Baltimore with eight dominating innings and the Red Sox averted a three-game sweep at Camden Yards.Bergesen escaped trouble in the sixth when Adrian Gonzalez's double put runners on second and third with no outs. He fanned Kevin Youkilis and David Ortiz, issued an intentional walk to J.D. Drew to load the bases and then got Jarrod Saltalamacchia to fly out to the warning track in center.Vladimir Guerrero tied the game at 2 with a solo homer in the bottom of the inning.But the Red Sox went ahead in the seventh, using a swinging bunt by Dustin Pedroia to snap a 2-all tie two batters after Boston's Marco Scutaro failed to execute a sacrifice bunt following Carl Crawford's leadoff double against Jim Johnson (1-1)."We got a break with the (missed) bunt and then they caught a break with the swinging bunt," said Johnson, "so it just kind of evened itself out."Lester could only shake his head when asked why he fares so well against the Orioles."If I knew the answer to that, I'd do well against everybody," he said. "I just pitch well against this team. ... I just really don't know. I'm aware of the track record I have against them, but I don't know how to explain it. I feel comfortable against them. I really like pitching here at this park, I've always felt good here."Lester (3-1) is unbeaten in 17 career starts versus the Orioles and boasts the longest active winning streak by any pitcher against one team. He yielded two runs on four hits, walked three and struck out five."He threw his changeup about as good as he's ever thrown," Red Sox manager Terry Francona said of Lester. "Some of those hitters, he really slowed them down. He was really good and he needed to be to give us enough time. He gave us a chance."After Derrek Lee's RBI single in the first, Lester didn't allow another hit until Guerrero's solo homer with two outs in the sixth.Baltimore fell into last place in the AL East, a half-game behind the Red Sox, who completed a nine-game road trip."It's great to finish up this road trip the way we did," Lester said. "The guys are starting to feel a little bit better about themselves now, and hopefully we can go home and really start playing well. To go 6-3 on this road trip, we'll take it, the way we started off the season."Boston's Adrian Gonzalez had three hits and two RBIs.Jacoby Ellsbury led off the game with a double and scored on Gonzalez's one-out double for a 1-0 lead.The Orioles tied it in the bottom half when Brian Roberts drew a leadoff walk, moved to second on Nick Markakis' single, stole third and scored on Lee's single, which ended an 0-for-14 slump with runners in scoring position.Ellsbury and Gonzalez teamed again to put the Red Sox up 2-1 in the third. Ellsbury singled with one down, moved to second on a groundout and came home on Gonzalez's single.Guerrero tied it in the sixth with a shot to left off a full-count fastball from Lester, who surrendered a home run for the first time in five starts. It was Guerrero's fourth homer of the season.Still, it didn't give Bergesen anything to show for a decent outing."The body of work was pretty good. I thought (Bergesen) gave us a good chance to win against a good-hitting club, and I was proud of him," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.In the eighth, the Red Sox loaded the bases with none down before Saltalamacchia's RBI single off Michael Gonzalez made it 4-2. Two outs later, Ellsbury looped a two-run single to center.NOTES: Ellsbury and Gonzalez have each doubled in four straight games. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz, on the 15-day disabled list since March 30 with a strained left intercostal muscle, is headed to the team's Sarasota, Fla., facility after throwing a pain-free 35 pitches from the mound in a bullpen session before Thursday's game. ... Baltimore SS J.J. Hardy, who has been on the 15-day DL since April 10 with strained left oblique, took dry swings, hit off a tee, threw from 120 feet and ran sprints in Sarasota on Thursday. Manager Buck Showalter said Hardy was scheduled to take ground balls Friday. ... The Rays-Red Sox game postponed by rain April 13 will be made up as the 1:05 p.m. portion of a day/night doubleheader at Fenway Park on Aug. 16. ... RHP Chris Jakubauskas (right groin strain) will pitch for the Orioles' Triple-A Norfolk affiliate Sunday as part of a rehabilitation assignment. He is eligible to come off the 15-day disabled list May 2. ... Baltimore is 1-11 when scoring three runs or less. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles out fielders Felix Pie, left, Nick Markakis, center, and Adam Jones celebrate after the Orioles defeated the Chicago White Sox 10-4 in a baseball game in Chicago on Friday, April. 29, 2011. MoreMatt Wieters is starting to figure things out at the plate, and that's not good news for opposing pitchers.The Orioles' catcher homered and drove in four runs Friday night as Baltimore beat the Chicago White Sox 10-4 in the series opener.Wieters hit the ball well in his first two at-bats, but found himself 0 for 2 with two fly outs when he came to bat in the sixth inning.With a 3-0 count and a runner on, Wieters delivered a two-run shot off of Chicago starter John Danks to give Baltimore a 5-3 lead."Matty had a lot of yardage on his fly ballshe finally got a hold of one," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He's in a good spot right now."Wieters doubled in two more runs in a five-run seventh to help the Orioles put things out of reach."3-0 might be your best chance to get a fastball and get something straight," the 24-year-old catcher said. "I probably should have taken it."Starter Jake Arrieta (3-1) pitched five innings for the win but was pulled early due to right hip soreness, though he said after the game the injury was not serious."Physically I didn't feel good tonight. I wanted to stay in but they made the call," Arrieta said. "You're going to have those days. I had to battle."Arrieta gave up three runs in the second inning before settling down and keeping the White Sox in check. He gave up five hits and two walks, striking out two.The loss was the 13th in the last 16 games for Chicago, which slipped to 10-17 overall."It's frustrating, there's no other word for it," said Danks, who fell to 0-4 after giving up five earned runs on eight hits. "We're all putting the work in and there's no reason why it's not going our way."There's still plenty of time to bounce back in it." Danks added. "(But) if we go too much longer, it isn't early ... We need to turn around quick."White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was suspended by Major League Baseball before the game after an ejection and derogatory comments made on Twitter earlier in the week. Bench coach Joey Cora managed in his place.The White Sox opened a 3-0 second inning lead as A.J. Pierzynski lined a 2-0 pitch from Arrieta to right for a two-run home run. With one out, Mark Teahen doubled and scored on Juan Pierre's bloop single to left.Danks gave up a pair of third inning runs, first on a one-out RBI single by Brian Roberts that scored Mark Reynolds. Derrek Lee's two-out single to right then scored Robert Andino.Luke Scott tied it at 3 in the third with a homer to right, his fourth of the season.Wieters gave the Orioles a 5-3 lead in the sixth with his fourth homer.Brent Lillibridge hit his second home run in the sixth. He lined a 1-1 pitch off reliever Clay Rapada to left-center to trim the Oriole lead to 5-4.Danks left in favor of reliever Jesse Crain after six innings. He gave up five earned runs on 8 hits, walked one and struck out three.The Orioles sent 11 batters to the plate in a five-run seventh. They loaded the bases and Crain walked in one run with two out before being relieved by left-hander Chris Sale. Wieters greeted Sale with a double to right that scored two runs for a 8-4 lead.Roberts then singled home another run.NOTES: Chicago right-hander Jake Peavy pitched 5 2-3 innings in a rehab start at Charlotte on Friday, giving up three runs and one home run while striking out eight. He's been on the disabled list recovering from surgery to repair of detached muscle in his side. ... Baltimore's Brian Roberts, Nick Markakis, Derrek Lee and Vladimir Guerrero have batted 1 through 4 in each game to date. The last time the Orioles had the same 1-4 batters through the first 23 games was in 2004 ... The White Sox unveiled a plaque saluting longtime TV broadcaster Ken "Hawk" Harrelson, now in his 26th season with the team. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Showalter opts to rest WietersCatcher wants to play, but manager insists on careful use of young starApril 30, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore Sun The Orioles acquired catcher John Hester as the player to be named from the Arizona Diamondbacks to complete December's Mark Reynolds trade. Hester, a 27-year-old who was a 13th-round selection out of Stanford in 2006, will report to Triple-A Norfolk. He hit .263 (10-for-38) in 10 games with Triple-A Reno this season. Hester played in 53 big league games for Arizona in 2009 and 2010, batting .220 (27-for-123) … In five of his past seven games heading into tonight, Single-A Delmarva shortstop Manny Machado, the organization's top prospect, has two hits or more … Camden Yards will be site of the final game of the President's Cup between Mount St. Joseph and Gilman Sunday at noon. The citywide high school tournament, organized by City Council President Bernard C. "Jack" Young aims to unite local youth by using baseball to bring together groups of high school students from different backgrounds. There is no admission charge to attend. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Nick Markakis looks to the field as he arrives at second after hitting a three-run double against the Chicago White Sox during the fifth inning of a baseball game in Chicago on Sunday, May 1, 2011. MoreZach Britton didn't need his best stuff to beat the White Sox's dismal offense.Britton pitched six strong innings and Nick Markakis hit a three-run double to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 6-4 victory Sunday.Luke Scott and Mark Reynolds added solo home runs for Baltimore, which has won five of its last six. The Orioles will try to complete a four-game sweep Monday night.Britton (5-1) allowed one run on five hits, struck out one and had three walks. The 23-year-old rookie left-hander lowered his ERA to 2.63. Britton was lifted after the sixth inning because of a callus that developed on his left middle finger."It's not a huge deal," said Britton, who had the callus removed. "I know Buck (Showalter) just said he wanted to kill it now before anything happens. It is something I get from the way I throw my sinker. It's kind of unique grip and it kind of give me a callus every now and then and it kind of happened today. They did a good job of taking it out. It's not really an issue, it's more of the weather, my hands are dry and that kind of stuff happens."The White Sox did have opportunities, but they squandered 11 baserunners."They are waiting for something to happen to get them on the right track," Britton said. "I felt like I gave them some good chances to get back in the game, walking guys when we were ahead in the game and that is a big no-no and I did that today which is frustrating. I have some stuff I need to work on and hopefully I get that straighten out in my bullpen."White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was back in the dugout after being suspended two games for tweeting comments about an umpire earlier in the week. Before the game, Guillen said he agreed with the suspension."I think it was a very fair one," he said. "I think it was good for baseball and myself and the integrity of the game. I think if MLB made any good moves in the last 20 years, I think that is a good one because they don't make too many good moves, but they did this time."Gavin Floyd (3-2) took the loss for Chicago, which got a pinch-hit homer from Adam Dunn in the eighth inning against reliever Jim Johnson. It was Dunn's first pinch-homer since April 20, 2003, at Montreal. It cut the Orioles' lead to 6-4.Orioles closer Kevin Gregg allowed a leadoff walk to Alexei Ramirez and a single to Carlos Quentin. He rebounded when Paul Konerko took a 2-2 pitch for a strike. After Alex Rios took a third strike, he got into an argument with plate umpire Cory Blaser, who threw him out.A.J. Pierzynski then grounded out to second to seal Gregg's fifth save of the season."We didn't have the big hit today," Guillen said. "At least we had somebody on base. That's the good sign. We make it interesting. We haven't been doing that for the last week and a half."The White Sox (10-19) have lost 15 of 18 and have dropped five in a row overall, seven straight at home and finished April with a club-record 18 losses. Chicago also trails Cleveland by 10 games in the AL Central."Just because you go out and play hard doesn't mean you're going to win or get the hit," Konerko said. "But over the long haul, you've got to believe you will. I believe I will and I believe the team will."Floyd allowed six runs on seven hits. He struck out five and walked two, and struggled through a five-run fifth inning.After setting a Baltimore franchise rookie record for the most the wins in April, Britton didn't have many problems against the struggling White Sox offense. His only mistake came in the fifth inning when he gave up a solo homer to Brent Lillibridge.Scott put the Orioles ahead with two-out solo shot in the fourth inning. It was his fifth of the season. Scott has homered three times in the last five games.In the fifth inning, Reynolds tagged Floyd with a leadoff home run to left-center. Felix Pie followed with a triple off the center-field wall. Floyd then gave up back-to-back walks to load the bases and Markakis cleared them with a double to left-center. Markakis later scored on Scott's single to make it 6-0."We just felt he (Floyd) was in a pattern there," Markakis said. "He went away from his fastball, he threw a lot of cutters, slider and curveballs, you can almost go up there and sit on an offspeed pitch. The more pitches you can eliminate the easier to hit."In the second inning with a runner on first and two outs, Orioles shortstop Robert Andino made a diving stop on Brent Morel's ball and then got up to throw him out at first."It all comes back to having confidence in my defense," Britton said. "I didn't have my good stuff, but I just threw it over the plate and let them hit to the guys and let them make the plays." Johnson came on with the bases loaded and one out in the seventh inning. He got Quentin to pop out, then after walking Konerko to force in a run, got Rios to ground out to third to end the inning.Notes: SS J.J. Hardy, on the 15-day DL with a left oblique, is scheduled to take batting practice in the cages on Monday and Tuesday then on the field Wednesday. ... White Sox left-handed hitters Pierzynski and Dunn were not in the starting lineup against Britton. ... The White Sox left 11 on. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Nick Markakis looks to the field as he arrives at second after hitting a three-run double against the Chicago White Sox during the fifth inning of a baseball game in Chicago on Sunday, May 1, 2011. MoreGavin Floyd's one bad inning was too much for the Chicago White Sox to overcome.Floyd allowed five runs in the fifth inning while Zach Britton pitched six strong innings and Nick Markakis hit a three-run double to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 6-4 victory Sunday."In one inning all of a sudden, he lost it," White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen said. "And they take advantage of it. Gavin just had one bad inning. It was a very nice first couple of innings."The White Sox made things interesting in the ninth, putting the first two runners on base against Baltimore closer Kevin Gregg. But Paul Konerko and Alex Rios were called out on strikes, and A.J. Pierzynski grounded out to second to end the game, sending the Sox to their 15th loss in 18 games. They also left 11 men on base.Rios was ejected by plate umpire Cory Blaser for arguing his call."Just because you go out and play hard doesn't mean you're going to win or get the hit," Konerko said. "But over the long haul, you've got to believe you will. I believe I will and I believe the team will."Luke Scott hit his fifth home run off Floyd (3-2) in the fourth inning on a 1-2 pitch to give the Orioles a 1-0 lead. But for Floyd, the real trouble began the following inning.Mark Reynolds started the inning with a solo homer, his third of the year, to the bleachers in left-center, making it 2-0.After a triple by Felix Pie and back-to-back walks to Robert Andino and Brian Roberts loaded the bases, Markakis cleared them with a three-run double, stretching the lead to 5-0."They put a couple of people on base and they had the big hits," Guillen said. "They did it yesterday, they did it the night before, they did it today. I think we got good at-bats late in the game. We just came up short."Scott added another RBI later in the inning on a two-out single to make it 6-0. He finished 2-for-4 with two RBIs. The first five batters of the inning all reached base and scored.Floyd pitched six innings, allowing six earned runs on seven hits. He struck out five."I got behind," Floyd said. "Getting behind guys is definitely not the way to go. I was pretty good for four innings, then I lost it a little in the fifth."Adam Dunn came in as a pinch-hitter in the eighth inning and connected on a two-run homer, his third of the season, which cut the lead to 6-4.But the White Sox mustered little offense early against Britton (5-1). The 23-year old rookie, making his sixth career start, pitched six innings, giving up one run and scattered five hits, lowering his ERA to 2.63. Britton said after the game he was pitching with a callus on his left middle finger."It all comes back to having confidence in my defense," Britton said. "I didn't have my good stuff, but I just threw it over the plate and let them hit to the guys and let them make the plays."Brent Lillibridge got the White Sox on the board in the bottom of the fifth, leading off the inning with his third homer of the season, making it 6-1.Gordon Beckham led off the seventh inning with a double that got past a diving Pie in center field. Juan Pierre and Alexei Ramirez drew back-to-back walks to load the bases with one out, but the Sox only scored once. Carlos Quentin popped out, Konerko drew a bases-loaded walk, and Rios grounded out to end the threat."We had a chance to win it in the ninth," Beckham said. "We didn't let that game get away from us. It took us some innings to get going, but once we did, that's the way we can play."Konerko and Beckham were each 2 for 3, and Pierre reached base four times.Notes: Vladimir Guerrero went 1 for 4 in the game. He has not drawn a walk in 108 plate appearances this season. ... Britton's four wins in April set an Orioles franchise record for victories in April by a rookie. ... The White Sox finished April nine games out of first place, their largest division deficit after the first month of the season since 2001. Their 18 April losses were also a franchise record. ... Floyd has pitched at least six innings in all six of his starts this season. ... Orioles SS J.J. Hardy, on the 15-day DL with a strained left oblique, is scheduled to take batting practice in the cages Monday and Tuesday, then on the field Wednesday. ... White Sox left-handed hitters Pierzynski and Dunn were not in the starting lineup against Britton. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Red Sox Hand Weaver His First Loss  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSMAY 2, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Dustin Pedroia fouled off nine pitches in a 13-pitch at-bat against Jered Weaver before lining a go-ahead two-run single that helped Boston beat the Los Angeles Angels, 9-5, at Fenway Park on Monday.“He has a way of doing that,” Red Sox Manager Terry Francona said of Pedroia. “He fights. He doesn’t give in.”Two innings later, David Ortiz hit a two-run homer during a six-run burst that broke the game open.The loss was Weaver’s first of the season. Scratched Sunday because of a stomach virus, Weaver (6-1) gave up three runs and six hits, struck out six and walked one in six innings. He was trying to become the first pitcher since 1891 to go 7-0 by May 2. Sadie McMahon of the Baltimore Orioles from the American Association was the last to open 7-0 by the second day of May.It was Boston’s second straight win after four losses in five games, and improved its record to 5-0 against the Angels this season. The Red Sox, who swept four games in Anaheim from April 21 through 24, have beaten Los Angeles 14 of the past 15 games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ETHIER EXTENDS STREAK TO 28 Andre Ethier of the Los Angeles Dodgers hit safely for the 28th straight game, putting him halfway to the record 56-game streak by Joe DiMaggio in 1941. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Ethier hit a run-scoring single in the hole that Cubs shortstop Starlin Castro could not control with two outs in the fifth inning. Photo       Hideky Matsui gave the crowd a curtain call after hitting a walk off home run in the 10th inning.  Credit             Ezra Shaw/Getty Images           Ethier’s streak is the longest by a Dodgers player since Willie Davis set the franchise record with a 31-game streak in 1969.ATHLETICS 5, RANGERS 4 Hideki Matsui hit the first pitch of the bottom of the 10th inning from Darren Oliver into the right-field seats for a game-winning home run, lifting Oakland over the Texas Rangers.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The rare Monday matinee game drew an announced attendance of only 9,193.“Hopefully after today’s game, there will be 100 more people,” Matsui joked. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    WHITE SOX 6, ORIOLES 2 Paul Konerko homered twice for Chicago and Mark Buehrle pitched six and two-thirds scoreless innings to win for the first time since opening day. Konerko hit a two-run home run and a solo shot for the White Sox, who ended a five-game losing streak and avoided a four-game sweep by Baltimore. It was Chicago’s first win at home since April 12.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  NATIONALS 2, GIANTS 0 Tom Gorzelanny allowed three hits in eight sharp innings against a struggling San Francisco lineup, and Michael Morse and Jerry Hairston Jr. drove in runs for host Washington. Gorzelanny (1-2) had not lasted eight innings in a game since Aug. 12, 2007, when he threw a shutout for the Pittsburgh Pirates against the Giants. Madison Bumgarner (0-5) retired Washington’s first 12 batters and didn’t allow an earned run but wound up with the loss because of two unearned runs in the seventh, his last inning.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  MARLINS 6, CARDINALS 5 Mike Stanton hit a tying home run in the fifth inning and tripled and scored the go-ahead run in the eighth to lift Florida at St. Louis. The Marlins improved to 18-9 — the franchise’s best start — and are tied with the Phillies for the National League East lead.BRAVES 6, BREWERS 2 Alex Gonzalez hit a three-run double to give host Atlanta the lead, and the Braves finally solved Brewers starter Yovani Gallardo. Gallardo (2-2) began the day 3-0 with a 0.96 earned run average in five career starts against Atlanta, including a two-hit shutout in a 1-0 win on April 5 in Milwaukee. The four runs he allowed in the sixth matched his total allowed over 371/3 innings in his first five starts against the Braves.FREESE OUT 9-12 WEEKS St. Louis Cardinals third baseman David Freese will have surgery on his broken left hand and is expected to miss 9 to 12 weeks. Freese was hit in the hand by a pitch from Atlanta reliever Scott Linebrink on Sunday.  A version of this article appears in print on May 3, 2011, on Page B14 of the New York edition with the headline: Red Sox Hand Weaver His First Loss.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosChicago White Sox's starting pitcher Mark Buehrle throws against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game Monday, May 2, 2011, in Chicago. MoreThe Baltimore Orioles had their chance for a four-game sweep. A vintage Mark Buehrle performance ruined those plans.Buehrle pitched 6 2-3 scoreless innings for his 150th career victory and Paul Konerko homered twice to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 6-2 win over the Orioles on Monday night.Baltimore went 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position and left 13 on base."Typical Buehrle," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "That's why he's pitched 200 innings for 10 straight years. He throws the ball with a great tempo and doesn't walk the people he doesn't need to walk. He makes you get yourself out."Adam Jones and Derrek Lee had three hits apiece for Baltimore, but Buehrle was always able to get out of the jam."His changeup," Jones credited. "He kept the ball down. It's not like he had too many strikeouts, he just kept the ball down and let his defense work for him."Juan Pierre made a diving catch in the fourth inning to end a Baltimore threat with two runners on-base. With the White Sox ahead 1-0 at the time, the catch loomed large."If he doesn't catch that ball, that's two runs. It changes the game," Jones said.Orioles starter Jeremy Guthrie (1-4) allowed four runs on five hits in seven innings. He struck out four and walked two, remaining winless since Opening Day."I had a chance to finish people and didn't do it," Guthrie said. "Tonight would have been nice to finish a sweep against a tough team."Konerko hit a two-run home run and a solo shot for the White Sox, who ended a five-game skid with only their fourth win in 19 games.Pierre had an RBI single and Alex Rios added a solo homer to help the White Sox end a seven-game home skid with their first win at U.S. Cellular Field since April 12.Buehrle (2-3) scattered eight hits, walked four and struck out four to win for the first time since Opening Day."He doesn't panic," Konerko said of Buehrle. "He knows how to get out of those situations."White Sox reliever Chris Sale hit Nick Markakis in the ninth with two outs and gave up a two-run homer to Derrek Lee. Markakis left the game after getting hit on the hand."Right now we're more concerned about the knee," Showalter said, referring to Markakis' right knee, which he injured in the eighth inning when he tripped over a sprinkler head in the outfield.Markakis said he doesn't expect either injury to keep him out of the lineup."It doesn't feel great but I'm just gonna take care of it and we'll go from there," he said.Sale was lifted for Sergio Santos after giving up a single to Vladimir Guerrero and a walk to Luke Scott. Santos struck out Adam Jones for his third save in as many opportunities.Rios drew a leadoff walk in the third off Guthrie, stole second with two outs and scored on Pierre's bloop single to center.After allowing a leadoff double to Adam Jones in the fourth, Buehrle caught Mark Reynolds looking and got Matt Wieters to ground out. With runners on first and third, Buehrle was helped by Pierre, who made a diving catch on the warning track to rob Brian Roberts of extra bases.With two outs in the fourth, Konerko launched his seventh homer of the season to give the White Sox a 2-0 lead.Dunn walked to load the bases with one out in the sixth. Konerko followed with a fly ball to the warning track in left that Scott snagged with a sliding catch. Gordon Beckham tagged up at third and raced home to give the White Sox a 3-0 lead.Rios tagged Guthrie in the seventh for his second homer of the season. In the eighth, Konerko hit a two-run homer off Josh Rupe to make it 6-0. It was Konerko's second multi-homer game of the season and 29th in his career.White Sox reliever Jesse Crain struck out three in 1 1-3 innings.Notes: Baltimore SS J.J. Hardy, on the 15-day disabled list with a strained left oblique, took 30 swings, ran bases and reported no problems. ... The temperature at first pitch was 42 degrees. 
3 View photosChicago White Sox's Alex Rios scores on Juan Pierre RBI-single in the third inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Monday, May 2, 2011, in Chicago. MorePaul Konerko homered twice and Mark Buehrle pitched 6 2-3 scoreless innings to lead the Chicago White Sox to a 6-2 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Monday night.Konerko hit a two-run home run and a solo shot for the White Sox, who ended a five-game skid with only their fourth win in 19 games. Chicago also avoided a four-game sweep by Baltimore.Juan Pierre had an RBI single along with a diving catch and Alex Rios added a solo homer to help the White Sox end a seven-game home skid with their first win at U.S. Cellular Field since April 12.Buehrle (2-3) scattered eight hits, walked four and struck out four to win for the first time since Opening Day.Orioles starter Jeremy Guthrie (1-4) allowed four runs on five hits in seven innings. He struck out four and walked two, remaining winless since Opening Day.White Sox reliever Chris Sale hit Nick Markakis in the ninth with two outs and gave up a two-run homer to Derrek Lee. Markakis left the game after getting hit on the hand. Sale was lifted for Sergio Santos after giving up a single to Vladimir Guerrero and a walk to Luke Scott. Santos struck out Adam Jones for his third save in as many opportunities.Rios drew a leadoff walk in the third off Guthrie. He stole second with two outs and scored on Pierre's bloop single to center.After allowing a leadoff double to Adam Jones in the fourth, Buehrle caught Mark Reynolds looking and got Matt Wieters to ground out. With runners on first and third, Buehrle was helped by Pierre, who made a diving catch on the warning-track to rob Brian Roberts of an extra base bit and save two runs.With two outs in the fourth, Konerko launched his seventh homer of the season to give the White Sox a 2-0 lead.Dunn walked to load the bases with one out in the sixth. Konerko followed with a fly ball to the warning track in left that Scott snagged with a sliding catch. Gordon Beckham tagged up at third and raced home to give the White Sox a 3-0 lead.Rios tagged Guthrie in the seventh for his second homer of the season. In the eighth, Konerko hit a two-run homer off Josh Rupe to make it 6-0. It was Konerko's second multi-homer game of the season and 29th in his career.White Sox reliever Jesse Crain struck out three in 1 1-3 innings.Notes: Baltimore SS J.J. Hardy, on the 15-day disabled list with a strained left oblique, took 30 swings, ran bases and reported no problems. ... The temperature at first pitch was 42 degrees. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles relief pitcher Koji Uehara pitches to a Kansas City Royals batter during the eighth inning of a baseball game in Kansas City, Mo., Tuesday, May 3, 2011. The Royals defeated the Orioles 6-5. MoreVladimir Guerrero drew his first walk of the season, putting Brad Bergesen in line for his first victory.Guerrero led off Baltimore's two-run sixth with his first walk in 115 plate-appearances, an Orioles record to start the season. The Orioles' bullpen failed to hold the one-run advantage for Bergesen in a 6-5, 10-inning loss to the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night.Bergesen was pulled after five innings and 94 pitches, allowing four runs — three earned — on six hits and a walk."He needs to get a little deeper into the game," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He was at 90 pitches in the fifth inning, but was a chance to win. It looked like it took a little while for him to adjust. There were a lot of foul balls and not a lot of swing-and-misses. We've got to have something to put them away with."It was the first time in his five starts that Bergesen left with a lead. The Orioles had scored a total of three runs while he was on the mound in his first four starts."I knew I needed to get a few more innings in," Bergesen said. "That's my style, to keep a low pitch count and go deep. It's frustrating that I can't get deep into the game. I think one time I looked up there and I was at 44 (pitches). That made it tough to go deep. I never like going less than six (innings)."Jeff Francoeur drove home the winning run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th after hitting a tying homer in the sixth.Alex Gordon walked on four pitches from Jason Berken (0-2) to lead off the 10th and went to third on Billy Butler's single to center. Francoeur then lofted a fly to right for the winning run."In this situation and that part of the lineup, that's the last thing you want to do, to walk the leadoff guy," Berken said. "It's a tough situation you put yourself in. I thought I made a pretty good pitch to Butler, but he was able to get his bat on it. But the key to the inning was you can't walk a leadoff hitter in extra innings in that part of the lineup."Rookie left-hander Tim Collins (2-1) retired the only batter he faced to pick up the victory. Luke Scott hit a three-run homer, his fourth in six Baltimore games, to tie the score at 3 in the fourth. Scott homered to right after singles by Guerrero and Adam Jones.Guerrero and Mark Reynolds walked to start the sixth. Jones hit an RBI single to tie it. The Orioles went ahead 5-4 on Matt Wieters' sacrifice fly.Francoeur led off the bottom of the sixth with his team-leading seventh home run on a 3-1 pitch from Jeremy Accardo.The Royals jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the second, which included run-producing doubles from Wilson Betemit and Mike Aviles. Bryan Pena had a sacrifice fly for the other run.Melky Cabrera's double to the left-field corner in the fifth scored Chris Getz, who reached on a Cesar Izturis error.Royals left-hander Jeff Francis was pulled after 5 1-3 innings, allowing five runs on six hits and four walks, while striking out four. Francis, who signed as a free agent in January, is winless in his first seven starts.Notes: Orioles 2B Brian Roberts had a root canal Tuesday and did not play. Cesar Izturis replaced Roberts, who had started the first 27 games at second. "Hopefully it's something that won't keep him down for long," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. ... SS J.J. Hardy, who is on the disabled list with a strained left oblique, could be going to the minors in the next couple of days for a rehab assignment, Showalter said. ... Betemit made his first start of the season at first base for the Royals. It was his 63rd game and 39th start at the position. ... Royals RHP Robinson Tejeda, who is on the DL with shoulder inflammation, threw his second batting practice Tuesday. ... Royals CF Jarrod Dyson, who left after spraining his left ankle in the first inning Sunday, did not play. "He's feeling better," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "He came in (Monday, an off day) and had treatment. It was a little bit sore, but at the end of treatment most of that soreness was gone." 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Hardy to begin rehab stint with Triple-A Norfolk FridayShortstop hopes to return for next week's home series vs. MarinersMay 04, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunKANSAS CITY, Mo. — J.J. Hardy reported to the Orioles' minor league spring training complex in Sarasota, Fla., Wednesday for what he hopes will be the last time. The shortstop, who hasn't played since April 9 because of a strained left oblique, took batting practice on the field for the first time and got through his workout feeling good. Hardy will fly to Norfolk, Va., on Thursday and begin a rehab stint with the Triple-A Tides on Friday. "It took a little bit longer than I thought, but I feel good," said Hardy, who went on the disabled list after feeling a stabbing pain in his side while taking a swing in Game 2 of the April 9 doubleheader against the Texas Rangers. "I feel confident that it's all healed up. I took two weeks of really doing nothing except ice and treatment. Once I started doing baseball stuff and exercises, I never really felt that pain again. It was tight, it was sore, but that's really the last pain that I felt." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Hardy treated Wednesday like a normal pre-game workout. He took ground balls, ran the bases, got some throws in and took batting practice at Twin Lakes Park. "The first day I swung, which was just dry swings, they were 50-60 percent, pretty hesitant," Hardy said. "The next day, probably the same thing. But I kind of gradually built it up to the last three days, I've been swinging as hard as I can and I didn't feel anything at all. I don't think there's any reason to be hesitant. I feel I'm healthy enough to be good to go." The Orioles, who have been going primarily with Robert Andino at shortstop, haven't decided how long Hardy's rehabilitation stint will last, but if Hardy has no setbacks, it's expected that he'll be available during next week's home series against the Seattle Mariners, which runs from Tuesday to next Thursday. "It's all going to be a feel thing," Hardy said. "I know the first game, I'm guessing that I'll probably play six innings, get three or four ABs, and then I'd like to start playing a full game over the next two games. If I feel like I made the adjustments I need to make, that could be enough. But it's up to them." More rehab news The Orioles officially announced that right-hander Alfredo Simon, who is on the restricted list while a suspect in a fatal shooting Jan. 1 in the Dominican Republic, will pitch his first affiliated game of 2011 for Double-A Bowie at 11:05 a.m. Thursday at Prince George's Stadium. It is against the Harrisburg Senators. "Major League Baseball and the Major League Baseball Players Association have reached an agreement to allow Alfredo Simon to go on a rehab assignment beginning with tomorrow's game in Bowie," Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said. Once he builds himself up, the Orioles will have to take him off the restricted list and put him on the 25-man roster. Simon is scheduled to throw four or five innings Thursday and pitch again for the Baysox on Wednesday. Left-hander Brian Matusz (strained left intercostal muscle) got through a bullpen and live batting practice session with no problems. He'll throw two or three innings in an extended spring game Saturday and likely join a higher affiliate to continue his rehab. Ailing Scott in, Guerrero out Luke Scott made his first start of the season Wednesday at designated hitter despite a sore right shoulder that he acknowledged has become a concern. Scott has been dealing with several nagging injuries, but he says it's the shoulder that is giving him the most trouble. He said he might get it looked at when the team returns to Baltimore, depending on how it feels over the next couple of days. "My shoulder is the only thing that really concerns me," said Scott, who entered Wednesday's game hitting .344 with four homers and nine RBIs in his past eight games. "I've been in a lot of prayer over that. I don't know exactly what it's from. There are just some sore spots. I may get it checked out. I'll have more information when I go home. I'm not different than anybody else. We all have nagging injuries that we play through." Felix Pie started in left field, and Vladimir Guerrero got his first day off. Orioles manager Buck Showalter is considering starting Pie in Thursday's series finale here as well. Second baseman Brian Roberts returned to the lineup after missing Tuesday's game following a root canal. Paying homage Jeremy Guthrie, Matt Wieters, Clay Rapada, Cesar Izturis, Jake Fox, Koji Uehara, Pie and Guerrero toured the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum this morning. The trip was organized by director of public relations Monica Barlow, and a camera crew from Mid-Atlantic Sports Network accompanied the group. Minor league notes1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosKansas City Royals' Mike Aviles (13) steals second base as Baltimore Orioles shortstop Robert Andino (11) handles the catcher's throw during the first inning of a Major League Baseball game in Kansas City, Mo., Thursday, May 5, 2011. MoreMelky Cabrera homered, doubled and singled while driving in four runs, Bruce Chen allowed one run in seven innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 9-1 on Thursday.Cabrera, who also scored three times, hit a solo homer in the eighth off Clay Rapada.Chen (4-1) gave up his only run in the first and then pitched shutout ball for the next six innings. The left-hander, who was KC's biggest winner last year, allowed five hits and one run, walking two and striking out five. He has not lost a start in Kauffman Stadium since Aug. 12, 2010, against the Yankees. Since then, he's 6-0 in nine starts at home.Chris Tillman (1-3) took the loss, typically getting almost no offensive support. In his last six starts, the Orioles have scored only five runs while he was in the game.The Royals kept their streak intact of not losing a home series. They're 4-0 so far this year with two splits. The Orioles are 2-8 when the opponent starts a left-handed pitcher.With help from Tillman's balk and a sun that kept playing peek-a-boo behind high, fluffy clouds, the Royals scored four runs in the first inning and another in the second, before breaking it open with three in the fourth to take the series two games to one.Tillman lasted 3 2-3 innings and was charged with eight runs on 10 hits and a wild pitch.Cabrera's RBI single got it started in the first inning. Alex Gordon singled in the second run, moved up on Tillman's balk and then scored on a double by Jeff Francoeur. Wilson Betemit then lifted a popup that fell between third baseman Mark Reynolds and shortstop Robert Andino when they both lost the ball in the sun. It went for an RBI single.Back-to-back doubles by Alcides Escobar and Chris Getz made it 5-1 in the second.Cabrera's two-run double made it 7-1 in the fourth and then, after a wild pitch, Billy Butler hit an RBI double.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed 35 minutes by rain. ... Royals RHP Robinson Tejeda (shoulder inflammation) will have a rehab start Friday for Triple-A Omaha. ... It was only the second time in the last nine games between Baltimore and KC that the outcome was not decided by one run. ... The victory moved Chen one game over the break-even mark for his career, at 52-51. ... It took Jeremy Jeffress 14 pitches to get Adam Jones out in the ninth. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Sports Briefing | baseball                                                             Rays’ Upton Suspended  By ByMAY 7, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Tampa Bay Rays outfielder B. J. Upton was suspended two games and fined an undisclosed amount by Major League Baseball on Saturday for launching into a tirade following an ejection earlier last week. Upton was to begin serving his suspension Saturday but decided to appeal, and he played against the Baltimore Orioles.Upton was ejected by umpire Chad Fairchild after striking out for the fourth straight time leading off the ninth inning Wednesday night against the Toronto Blue Jays. Upton slammed his bat and helmet to the ground and had to be restrained by the third-base coach Tom Foley after he was ejected.Rays Manager Joe Maddon, who had been ejected earlier in the game, watched Upton’s tirade from the clubhouse.  “I actually had the privilege of watching it on television at that point, and those were pretty egregious calls, so I can understand why he was so upset,” Maddon said after the game. “I really believe that that particular at-bat should be reviewed by the umpiring higher-ups as opposed to it being all over B. J. Upton right now.” (AP)  A version of this brief appears in print on May 8, 2011, on Page SP7 of the New York edition with the headline: Rays’ Upton Suspended.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Jeremy Guthrie reacts after a three run home run by Tampa Bay Rays' Evan Longoria, behind, in the third inning of a baseball game, Saturday, May 7, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreThe Baltimore Orioles had difficulty generating offense for starter Jeremy Guthrie, which was nothing unusual.The extent of Baltimore's struggle at the plate on Saturday, however, was historic.The Orioles wasted 10 walks and stranded 12 runners in an 8-2 loss to Tampa Bay. It was only the second time in franchise history that Baltimore received that many walks and scored two or fewer runs in a nine-inning game (also against Chicago on July 14, 1974)."We're putting too much pressure on our pitching staff," said Derrek Lee, who went 0 for 3 with three strikeouts. "It's just too hard when we're scoring one and two runs every day. We are fighting hard, maybe too hard. We probably need to try to do a little less, maybe play some small-ball a little bit or something like that."Baltimore went 1 for 12 with runners in scoring position. It was a typical performance with Guthrie on the mound: In four of his seven starts, the Orioles have failed to score while he's in the game.Guthrie (1-5) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in five innings. In his first five starts, the right-hander yielded nine earned runs and three homers. In his last two outings, he's surrendered 11 runs and four home runs."I actually felt as sharp as I've felt all season," Guthrie said. "Unfortunately, I kind of wasted it giving up big home runs with two outs."Evan Longoria drove in four runs with a first-inning double and a three-run homer in the third. Both hits came with two outs.B.J. Upton made it 7-0 with a three-run homer with two outs in the fifth. Upton was in the lineup after appealing a two-game suspension handed down Saturday by Major League Baseball for his tirade after being ejected from a game Wednesday in Toronto.Nick Markakis had three of the Orioles' five hits and drove in both runs, with an infield hit in the seventh and a sacrifice fly in the ninth.Ben Zobrist tied a career high with four hits and scored three runs to help provide Tampa Bay rookie Jeremy Hellickson (3-2) with his usual dose of offensive support. Coming in, the Rays were averaging 9.19 runs per nine innings when the right-hander pitched.Hellickson gave up three hits and five walks over five scoreless innings."I'm really glad we got the win, but I need to not walk as many people," he said.The Rays' seven successive road wins ties the record set by the 2004 team. Tampa Bay had an eight-game run that began in September 2009 and ended in April 2010."For years, the Trop was really our haven," Rays manager Joe Maddon said. "All of a sudden it's kind of reversed roles a little bit."Rays left fielder Sam Fuld saved a run in the fourth with an exceptional diving catch on a sinking liner by Robert Andino with two outs and a runner on second. In the eighth, Fuld robbed Matt Wieters of at least extra bases with a leaping catch at the wall.Down 1-0, the Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the second before Hellickson struck out Andino and retired Brian Roberts on a popup."That bases-loaded jam, to Andino, that was one of the only at-bats I felt real confident in my fastball," Hellickson said. "Other than that, I had to fight through everything."In the Tampa Bay third, John Jaso walked and took third on a double by Zobrist before Longoria drove a 1-1 pitch deep into the left-field seats for a 4-0 lead.Upton hit his fifth homer in the fifth, and Johnny Damon's RBI double in the sixth made it 8-0.NOTES: Tampa Bay's Reid Brignac has gone a franchise-record 33 straight games without an extra-base hit. ... Zobrist has hit in 13 straight games. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz (strained ribcage muscle) pitched two innings in extended spring training in Florida. Matusz, who has been on the DL all season, could be activated on May 21 or May 26, manager Buck Showalter said. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' pitcher Jeremy Hellickson delivers against the Baltimore Orioles in the second inning of a baseball game, Saturday, May 7, 2011, in Baltimore.MoreB.J. Upton was probably guilty of poor judgment when he went into a tirade after being ejected by an umpire.He deserves credit, however, for making the right decision to appeal the subsequent two-game suspension.Upton hit a three-run homer and doubled twice, Evan Longoria homered and drove in four runs, and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8-2 Saturday to tie a single-season club record with their seventh straight road win.Upton's home run made it 7-0 in the fifth and validated his desire to appeal a suspension by Major League Baseball for his actions in a game against Toronto on Wednesday. The suspension, handed down Saturday, was supposed to begin immediately.But Upton appealed because, he said, "I like hitting in this park."And so he did. The three hits raised Upton's lifetime numbers at Camden Yards to .291 with nine homers and 27 RBIs."It just so happens I had a good day," Upton said.Upton's decision to play received the blessing of manager Joe Maddon, who was delighted to have his center fielder in the lineup."I'm glad we did that," Maddon said with a grin. "A really great day. Good at-bats. He looked good, he looked comfortable. A big part of our win."Longoria had a big role, too. He doubled in a run in the first inning and hit a three-run shot off Jeremy Guthrie (1-5) in the third. It was his first homer of the season, although that can be attributed to a one-month stay on the disabled list with a strained left oblique muscle."It's just a matter of time," Maddon said.Ben Zobrist tied a career high with four hits and scored three runs to help provide Tampa Bay rookie Jeremy Hellickson (3-2) with his usual dose of offensive support. Coming in, the Rays were averaging 9.19 runs per nine innings when the right-hander pitched.Hellickson gave up three hits and five walks over five scoreless innings."I'm really glad we got the win, but I need to not walk as many people," he said.The Rays' seven successive road wins ties the record set by the 2004 team. Tampa Bay had an eight-game run that began in September 2009 and ended in April 2010."For years, the Trop was really our haven," Maddon said. "All of a sudden it's kind of reversed roles a little bit."Rays left fielder Sam Fuld saved a run in the fourth with an exceptional diving catch on a sinking liner by Robert Andino with two outs and a runner on second. In the eighth, Fuld robbed Matt Wieters of at least extra bases with a leaping catch at the wall.Guthrie allowed seven runs and 10 hits in five innings. In his first five starts, the right-hander yielded nine earned runs and three homers. In his last two outings, he's surrendered 11 runs and four home runs."I actually felt as sharp as I've felt all season," Guthrie said. "Unfortunately, I kind of wasted it giving up big home runs with two outs."Nick Markakis had three of the Orioles' five hits and drove in both runs, with an infield hit in the seventh and a sacrifice fly in the ninth. Baltimore stranded 12 and went 1 for 12 with runners in scoring position.The Orioles received 10 walks. It was only the second time in franchise history that Baltimore walked at least 10 times and scored two or fewer runs in a nine-inning game (also against Chicago on July 14, 1974)."It's real frustrating," third baseman Mark Reynolds aid. "We left a lot of guys on base. And if you look at our track record of the guys in this offense, that is not what we do. Normally, these guys drive in runs."Down 1-0, the Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the second before Hellickson struck out Andino and retired Brian Roberts on a popup."That bases-loaded jam, to Andino, that was one the only at-bats I felt real confident in my fastball," Hellickson said. "Other than that, I had to fight through everything."In the Tampa Bay third, John Jaso walked and took third on a double by Zobrist before Longoria drove a 1-1 pitch deep into the left-field seats for a 4-0 lead.Upton hit his fifth homer in the fifth, and Johnny Damon's RBI double in the sixth made it 8-0.NOTES: Tampa Bay's Reid Brignac has gone a franchise-record 33 straight games without an extra-base hit. ... Zobrist has hit in 13 straight games. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz (strained ribcage muscle) pitched two innings in extended spring training in Florida. Matusz, who has been on the DL all season, could be activated on May 21 or May 26, manager Buck Showalter said. 
3 The difference between the current Tampa Bay team and the one that opened the season with six straight defeats was made evident this weekend during the Rays' three-game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles.B.J. Upton drove in four runs, Matt Joyce hit two doubles and scored twice, and Tampa Bay never trailed in a 5-3 victory Sunday.Not only did the Rays set a single-season franchise record with their eighth consecutive road win, but they avenged a three-game sweep by the Orioles in Tampa Bay to open the season."We won three against them, they won three against us. That's about all the payback you can get," Rays designated hitter Johnny Damon said. "They caught us at the right time at our place and we caught them at the right time here."Tampa Bay is 20-8 after starting 0-6. The Rays are hitting better, pitching effectively and riding a crest of momentum that has carried them into contention in the AL East."We're playing good baseball right now," said Ben Zobrist, who had two hits and is riding a 14-game hitting streak. "We're hitting the ball really well, scoring some runs, which is nice. It keeps things going, everybody gets excited when you're scoring a lot of runs."The return of Evan Longoria has helped, too. Longoria, who left the second game of the season with a strained left oblique, went 5 for 12 with five RBIs in this three-game series."I think we played, what, a game and a half without Longoria out there?" Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "That certainly makes it a completely different look."Upton had four hits and no RBIs in the first three-game series between the teams. In this one, he went 7 for 14 with eight runs driven in.Upton received a two-game suspension from Major League Baseball on Saturday for his demonstrative actions after being ejected from a game on Wednesday. The outfielder appealed the suspension because he wanted to play in Baltimore, where he experienced much success in the past."I like hitting here because I normally have a lot of family and friends come in," said Upton, who was born in Norfolk, Va. "This is a good field for me, it's kind of close to home and I like playing here."After hitting a three-run homer Saturday, Upton had a pair of two-run singles Sunday. He is batting .297 with nine homers and 31 RBIs in 39 games at Camden Yards."Yeah, he felt really strongly about playing here," manager Joe Maddon said. "Nice job."Derrek Lee homered for the last-place Orioles, who have lost four straight to fall a season-high five games under .500 (14-19). Baltimore got only six hits."Things haven't gone our way — yet. We're definitely underachieving," left fielder Luke Scott said. "We can do a whole lot better than we're doing. It will happen. It's a long season."Tampa Bay's Wade Davis (4-2) allowed three runs, four hits and five walks in five innings. He has won his last four starts.Kyle Farnsworth got four outs for his seventh save in eight opportunities.Baltimore starter Brad Bergesen (0-4) yielded five runs and nine hits in 4 2-3 innings. He is 0-5 lifetime against the Rays and has not completed the sixth inning in any of his five starts.Tampa Bay used four straight hits to take a 3-0 lead in the fourth. Damon doubled and scored on a bloop single by Longoria, who took third on a double by Joyce. Upton followed with a two-run single.Matt Wieters hit a two-run double in the bottom half, but the Orioles stranded two runners for the third time in four innings.The Rays made it 5-2 in the fifth. After Zobrist singled and Joyce hit a ground-rule double with two outs, Upton bounced a single up the middle to chase Bergesen.Lee led off the Baltimore half with his fourth home run, only the second allowed by Wade this season.NOTES: Rays OF Brandon Guyer, who homered in his first major league at-bat Friday night, was optioned to Triple-A Durham. Tampa Bay recalled RHP Rob Delaney from the same club, and the rookie pitched a perfect sixth inning Sunday. ... Wieters had two hits and is 10 for 15 with runners in scoring position. ... The Orioles received 18 walks in the series, and only two of them turned into runs. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Markakis struggles in loss to RaysRight fielder goes 0-for-4 at plate, can't get to key ballMay 08, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunNick Markakis has shown signs of breaking out of his puzzling early-season slump, but the right fielder had an afternoon to forget in the Orioles' loss 5-3 to the Tampa Bay Rays on Sunday.A day after he went 3-for-4 and drove in two runs, Markakis was hitless in four at-bats, stranding four base runners. He also was unable to catch Matt Joyce's double to deep right in the fifth — a play he usually makes — and that kept the inning alive for B.J. Upton to hit a two-run single off Brad Bergesen for the winning runs.In his first two at-bats, Brian Roberts had gotten on ahead of him with a walk, and Markakis wasn't able to move him up or get a hit either time, lining out in the first inning and popping out in the third. In the fourth, he came up with men on second and third and popped out in the infield. var adSkipCounter = 0; "You got to get big hits in big situations. I'm just not getting it done right now," said Markakis, who is hitting .231 (6-for-26) with runners in scoring position and .227 overall this season. "Those are situations that you want to be in, and you want to come out successful. I just have to keep plugging away and battling."Markakis had two or more hits in four of the Orioles' past six games and was hitting .333 (10-for-30) with seven RBIs in the Orioles' first seven games in May. However, consistency has remained the issue for the 27-year-old outfielder who has a tendency to get immersed in prolonged slumps.His defense is usually a constant, but Markakis even admitted that Joyce's double was a play that he absolutely has to make. The ball was hit well, but Markakis got turned around on it before the ball got over his glove."It definitely is a ball I should catch," Markakis said. "Those are the toughest ones, hit right at you. A lot of hard-hit balls over your head, you can get switched up pretty easily. The bottom line is that's a ball that should be caught, and it wasn't."Roster decisions pendingWith J.J. Hardy's imminent return from the disabled list, the Orioles will have tough decisions to make concerning the makeup of their 25-man roster. It was believed that the Orioles would make room for their starting shortstop by demoting a pitcher and returning to a 12-man staff. That remains the likely scenario. However, the recent struggles of the starting rotation and the heavy usage of the bullpen complicate matters.Including Sunday, when Bergesen lasted just 42/3 innings, the bullpen has been needed for seven or more outs in 18 of the past 22 games. Over the past four days, relievers have logged 161/3 innings."Going to 12 pitchers does present a challenge there," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "You certainly have an off day on Monday, but it all revolves around how deep your starting pitching goes. It's going to be hard to make room for J.J. without a pitcher being optioned, but we can do that."The Orioles are carrying a three-man bench consisting of fourth outfielder Felix Pie, backup catcher Jake Fox and utility infielder Cesar Izturis, who started Sunday, though Robert Andino has been the primary shortstop in Hardy's absence.Izturis would appear to the most vulnerable if the club decides it needs to carry 13 pitchers. However, Izturis is perhaps the Orioles' most popular teammate and Showalter has raved about what he has meant to the club on and off the field."Last thing I'm going to do is broadcast what we are going to do or not do. There are options out there with our club within," Showalter said. "[President of baseball operations Andy MacPhail's] on top of that, and we will sit down, and like always, we will bounce it around and come to a decision, but I'm not going to handicap what we are going to do and how. I just don't think it's good for players, whether it's here or [Triple-A] Norfolk, to be reading about not imminent stuff."Rehab notesHardy (strained left oblique) is expected to play one more game for Norfolk on Monday and could be activated as early as Tuesday's series opener against the Seattle Mariners. Hardy, who went 0-for-4 on Sunday while serving as the Tides' designated hitter, is 2-for-9 with three walks and two runs during his rehabilitation assignment.If he has no setbacks during an extended spring training game Wednesday, Brian Matusz (strained left intercostal) will make a rehab appearance May 16 for Single-A Frederick. Matusz's next outing after that will be May 21, but team officials haven't decided where that will be.Alfredo Simon threw a bullpen session Sunday at Camden Yards in front of pitching coach Mark Connor. He'll pitch Wednesday for Double-A Bowie and May 16, likely for Norfolk at Lehigh Valley. Showalter said injured starter Justin Duchscherer (left hip strain) will throw a two-inning simulated game in a couple of days. Catcher Craig Tatum, on the minor league disabled list with shoulder impingement, had an injection and is feeling better.Around the horn1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Earl Weaver auctioning 47 baseball items, including '66 World Series ringFormer Orioles manager could make up to $150,000 from memorabilia saleMay 09, 2011|By Mike Klingaman, The Baltimore SunWhen Earl Weaver cleans out his garage, he doesn't hold a yard sale. He has a headline-grabbing event sure to make collectors drool. The bidding on his baseball memorabilia could net the Orioles' Hall of Fame manager as much as $150,000, said David Hunt, president of Hunt Auctions, who is peddling a number of Weaver's keepsakes Saturday in Chicago. A 1966 Orioles World Series championship ring and Weaver's Baseball Hall of Fame induction ring are on the block, along with 45 other items bestowed on Weaver during his 17 years as the Orioles' winningest manager, between 1968 and 1986. var adSkipCounter = 0;  He is selling a lot of his stuff now to avoid potential conflicts among his heirs when he's gone, Weaver said. "Not all of my things are worth the same, so how would it be distributed to my four children?" he said. "They might all want the same piece, and I don't want them to get disturbed or mad. "The smartest thing I can do is to sell [the memorabilia], take the money and divide it equally, so they can do what they want -- whether it's to set up a college fund for a grandchild, or take a trip around the world. That way, I'll get to watch them enjoy the money, too." Weaver's children -- Michael, Rhonda, Terry and Kim -- range in age from 52 to 60. They all agreed with his plan. "It's tough, we all hate to get rid of these things, but I know it's the best thing to do," said Weaver, 80, of Pembroke Pines, Fla. "It's not gonna cause any problems." The online pre-bidding for his mementos is heating up. As of Monday, the high bid for Weaver's 1966 World Series ring (which he received for managing Rochester, the Orioles' Triple-A farm team ) was $13,860, while the value of the Hall of Fame ring had reached $13,500. Both are expected to bring between $15,000 and $20,000, Hunt said. "Many of Earl's items are already either above or quickly approaching the estimate levels, and there has been a ton of interest in his things nationally," the auctioneer said. "It shows that not only is Earl is an iconic figure in Baltimore sports history, but that his popularity transmits across the country. "He really is one of the greatest managers of all time." Hunt Auctions, of Exton, Pa., has handled the collections of other Baseball Hall of Famers, including Robin Roberts, Whitey Ford, Joe DiMaggio and Walter Johnson. More often, it's the families of deceased players who put their wares up for sale, Hunt said. "It's very forward-thinking of athletes to decide what they want to sell and what they want to keep," Hunt said. "There are no better stewards than the players themselves." Other Weaver items include: * A 1983 Manager of the Decade presentation clock * A commemorative wristwatch given to him at Cooperstown * A black-and-orange jacket worn by Weaver during Orioles games. It's not known whether he was ever ejected while wearing it. A complete list of Weaver's collectibles can be found at huntauctions.com. Online pre-bidding ends Thursday at 10p.m. Bids for the live auction, which starts Saturday at 6p.m., can be made online, via phone (610-524-0822) or in person at the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame in Chicago. Weaver said he won't part with all his treasures. "I've got the ones I want," he said. "They're more keepsakes than anything and aren't worth robbing the house for." Like a photo of Hall of Fame shortstop Cal Ripken, Jr. who wrote, Thanks, Skip, for the switch from third base. And, hands off Weaver's four American League pennant rings. "Thank God, I've got four of them," he said -- one for each child. Weaver also dispelled any notion that he is selling his wares because of hard times. "Earl don't need the money," he said. His agent, Dick Gordon, agreed. "Extravagence is not in Earl's vocabulary," said Gordon, of Baltimore. "How frugal is he? When he goes to the track, Earl bets $2 a race." Who'll buy Weaver's goods? "I hope they are Orioles fans," Weaver said. "I know the stuff will be worth a lot more when they put me six feet under." Here's hoping that at least some of it stays in Baltimore, said Mike Gibbons, executive director of the Babe Ruth Birthplace and Sports Legends Museums. "I'd love to display those things, though we have no budget to buy them," Gibbons said. "Maybe someone will loan them to the museum, so the public can enjoy them." One of Weaver's most cherished possessions -- his 1970 Orioles World Series championship ring -- was stolen about 35 years ago. "While I managed the Orioles, we rented our house in Florida every summer," he said. "I left the ring in a box, in a dresser drawer, and when we came home one year it was gone." The ring has never turned up, Weaver said: "I'll never know what happened to it. We still have the dresser, and I go through it at least once a year, just to check again."     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Hardy returns to Orioles' lineup after monthlong absenceShortstop homers in first game back; Rupe designated for assignmentMay 10, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore Sun The club offered Crosier a contract after assistant director of player development Tripp Norton and scout Dean Albany watched him try out May 3 at Double-A Bowie's Prince George's Stadium. Crosier will play first base and outfield, he said. The road to professional baseball has been a long one for Crosier, 26, who also attended Cardinal Gibbons and Mount Carmel and played at Allegany College, CCBC Dundalk and UMES, as well as internationally. "I thank the Lord for this great opportunity. I've worked hard for the last couple of years," said Crosier, who thanked Norton, Albany, Orioles director of amateur scouting Joe Jordan and director of player development John Stockstill. "A lot of people doubted that I would go far … but I kept the faith in God and I kept confident and kept working hard. I've achieved my destiny." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Around the horn Showalter said the club will continue to find ways to get Robert Andino, who was the Orioles' primary shortstop in Hardy's absence, into the lineup. Andino worked in the outfield before Tuesday night's game with first base and outfield coach Wayne Kirby. … Showalter said there are no plans to shake up the rotation, with Chris Tillman starting Wednesday and Brad Bergesen making his next start Saturday. … Showalter had his entire pitching staff on the field about 31/2 hours before the game taking fielding practice. … The Orioles entered Tuesday as one of seven teams in the majors without a win when trailing after seven innings. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Baltimore Sun reporter Steve Gould contributed to this article. Prev | 1 | 2     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Arundel's Hibbs loses scholarship to Florida State after drug arrestHow a prominent black cemetery diedHow the city's nickname came to beAre you setting S.M.A.R.T. goals?Trying to clarify convection settingsThe old oyster R-month rule 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Matt Wieters, second from left, celebrates after he drove in Felix Pie for the game-winning run with Robert Andino, left, J.J. Hardy (2) and Mark Reynolds (12) in a baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Tuesday, May 10, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 7-6 in 13 innings.MoreIt really would have been a feel-good story: After spending 10 years in the minors, Mike Wilson makes his big-league debut and wins a game for the Seattle Mariners with his first hit in the majors.Unfortunately, the Mariners still had to get three outs against the Baltimore Orioles after Wilson's milestone single in the 13th inning.Matt Wieters singled in the winning run in the bottom of the 13th, capping a two-run rally that provided Baltimore with a 7-6 victory Tuesday night.Called up from Triple-A Tacoma on Monday after the Mariners cut Milton Bradley, Wilson launched his big league career as a pinch hitter in the seventh inning. He was 0 for 3 before coming to the plate in the 13th following a leadoff double by Jack Wilson.Mike Wilson hit a liner that glanced off the glove of shortstop J.J. Hardy. Jack Wilson, who was running on the pitch, scored easily."It came at the perfect time, an RBI to give us the lead," Mike Wilson said of his hit. "It couldn't have happened any better."So what if it was a broken-bat bloop?"I'll take it any way I can get it," Mike Wilson said. "I was like 'Go ball, Go ball!'"He said he got the ball and broken bat and will send them to his mother to put in his trophy case.The lead dissipated when Brandon League (0-2) blew his first save opportunity in 10 tries."It was a frustrating game," Seattle designated hitter Jack Cust said. "It seemed like we had it there a couple times and couldn't shut them down. Just one of those crazy games. That is what makes baseball so interesting."In the 10th inning, both dugouts cleared after Baltimore's Felix Pie and Seattle first baseman Justin Smoak exchanged heated words. Pie hit a grounder down the first-base line that Smoak picked up, and Pie reversed direction before turning around and running into a hard tag."He kind of put his shoulder into (me), and I didn't like it too much," Smoak said. "So that was about it."Said Pie: "I said 'What's wrong?' I did nothing wrong."With runners on first and second in the 13th, Pie hit a wicked smash to second that bounced over the glove of Jack Wilson and into center, tying the game. One out later, Wieters delivered the game-winner.Jeremy Accardo (2-0) got the win despite allowing a run in the top half of the 13th.Hardy homered and had four hits for Baltimore in his first game back from the disabled list. The Orioles, who trailed 2-1 in the sixth and 4-3 in the eighth, improved to 1-17 when trailing after seven innings.The Orioles took a 5-4 lead in the eighth with two runs off Jamey Wright, who came in with a 1.17 ERA.Derrek Lee drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Vladimir Guerrero. Luke Scott followed with an RBI single, and Adam Jones capped the uprising with a run-scoring single up the middle.For the second time in three innings, Baltimore couldn't hold the lead.Michael Saunders led off the ninth with a single off closer Kevin Gregg and took second on a comebacker by Ichiro Suzuki. After Chone Figgins grounded out, Smoak hit a soft liner to left that dropped in front of Pie to make it 5-all.In extra innings, Seattle missed a chance to take the lead in the 12th when Miguel Olivo was thrown out trying to score on a two-out double by Cust.Seattle led 2-1 before Jones hit a two-run double in the sixth, providing the Orioles with their first lead in 40 innings. But Seattle promptly went back on top in the seventh against Mike Gonzalez.Saunders launched the rally with a two-out single that ended an 0-for-26 skid. Suzuki beat out a bunt, and Figgins followed with an RBI double. After an intentional walk loaded the bases, Koji Uehara yielded an infield hit to Olivo.Adam Kennedy hit a two-run homer in the second inning off Jake Arrieta, Seattle's second home run in 10 games.Hardy made it 2-1 in the third with his first homer as an Oriole. He was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after missing a month with a strained left oblique.It was only the third homer allowed by rookie starter Michael Pineda in seven starts this season.NOTES: To make room for Hardy, the Orioles designated RHP Josh Rupe for assignment. ... Baltimore's Brian Roberts went 0 for 5 and has just one hit in his last 31 at-bats. 
6  Tonight's game between the Mariners and Orioles was a messy back-and-forth affair that took thirteen innings and over four hours to complete. It featured four blown saves, ten bullpen pitchers, and three comebacks by the Orioles before it was all over. When the dust settled, the O's had their first win in five games and their first extra-innings win of the year.  Raise your hand if you were expecting a pitchers duel tonight? Lots of you? Makes sense considering the Orioles and Mariners have two of the worse offenses in baseball, and for six innings the two young starting pitchers held up their end of the deal. What many of us didn't consider in said presumed pitchers duel was the bullpens of each team, and it was the bullpens that decided the game. Well, the bullpens and two lousy, lousy offenses. Arrieta had a solid game and got good results, but he just threw too many pitches. He went to a three-ball count to eleven of the twenty-four batters that he faced, which ultimately limited him to just six innings (again). He allowed both runs in the second inning on a home run to Adam Kennedy (seriously, that guy). Scoring on the home run was Miguel Olivo, who Arrieta had walked to lead off the inning. Arrieta allowed just one hit after the second inning, a double to Ichiro Suzuki in the fifth. He also walked two more but didn't allow any more damage. With 103 pitches after six innings, Arrieta was finished. His final line: 6 IP, 4 H, 2 ER, 3 BB, 6 K.  Rookie sensation Michael Pineda worked past two singles in the first inning, then after a 1-2-3 second gave up a home run to the newly activated J.J. Hardy. Welcome back to Birdland, James Jerry! We missed you. After the slumping Brian Roberts hit a fly ball to left, Pineda walked Nick Markakis but then pitched two perfect innings to preserve the Mariners' lead.        The sixth inning, however, was not kind to Pineda. He quickly retired Markakis and Derrek Lee, and that's when things got fun. Vladimir Guerrero and Luke Scott singled to put runners on first and second, then Adam Jones hit a double down the left field line. Vlad and Luke raced (well, for them) around the bases to give the Orioles a 3-2 lead, their first since in forty innings. Ah, a lead. So this is what it feels like! It's so nice. And how nice of the O's bullpen to let us hold onto that feeling for two entire thirds of an inning! Coming in to replace Arrieta, Mike Gonzalez got the first two batters out before remembering that he's Mike Gonzalez and is contractually required to suck at least once a week. Back-to-back singles by Michael Saunders and Ichiro (with Ichiro's being of the bunt variety) put two runners on base for Chone Figgins. It's a good thing he's been terrible at the plate this year, right? Doesn't matter! He doubled to right, scoring Saunders and re-tying the game at three. Buck then elected to intentionally walk Justin Smoak (he of the 169 OPS+) to get to "cleanup hitter" Miguel Olivo. Koji Uehara came in to face Olivo, who hit a sharp ground ball to third base. Reynolds couldn't handle it and Ichiro scored from third. The ball was ruled a hit, but it seems Reynolds really should have made that play. After an uneventful bottom of the seventh inning, Koji returned to pitch a perfect eighth. It was good to see Koji have a good night after his recent troubles (you really can't blame him for the "hit" that allowed the go ahead run to score for the Mariners). After getting a scoreless seventh inning from former O's farmhand David Pauley, the Mariners turned to super old Jamey Wright to hold their lead in the eighth, but hold it he could not. He started things with a walk to Silky D (that is Derrek Lee's new nickname, courtesy of a dude in the stands who yelled it fourteen thousand times tonight), then Vlad singled for his third hit of the game. Luke Scott then singled in Silky D to re-tie the game, bringing the hot Adam Jones to the plate. Dr. Jones already had one go-ahead base hit under his belt, could he get another? Well I said he was hot, so you know that he did. Jones singled up the middle and pinch runner Cesar Izturis came around to score the fifth run of the night for the Orioles, giving them another lead. Unfortunately they couldn't score any more runs, which gave the Kevin Gregg just a one-run lead to work with. Gregg, of course, couldn't hold that lead. Although in all fairness, it wasn't totally his fault. He was victim of a couple bloop hits as a pop up by Saunders fell just in front of Jones (not a knock on Adam, it was just a Texas leaguer), then, two outs later, Justin Smoak hit a soft liner that fell in front of Felix Pie in left to score Saunders. Feel free to vilify Gregg if you like, because it's fun, but was those are the facts. The bottom of the 9th inning found Hardy leading off and like the good player that he is, he walked. Brian Roberts, who has been slumping miserably, bunted Hardy over to second, then Markakis lined a sharp single into left field. For reasons that cannot be explained, 3B coach John Russell waved in Hardy despite the fact that THE LEFT FIELDER HAD THE BALL OUT OF HIS GLOVE BEFORE HARDY GOT TO THIRD. He was thrown out by a mile for the second out, then with Jake Fox on deck (he was pinch hitting for Izturis, who pinch ran for Vlad, got it?) the Mariners opted to intentionally walk Silky D. The move worked as Fox harmlessly popped up to end the inning. With the game in extra innings, Showalter turned to Jim Johnson, who is awesome. Johnson pitched a perfect tenth inning. The O's had some drama in the bottom of the tenth when Felix Pie and Justin Smoak collided a bit at first base and Felix got an attitude over it. The benches cleared and the guys in the bullpen halfheartedly trotted in from the outfield, but the umpires and Showalter put the kibosh on the kerfuffle rather quickly. Jones then doubled again (he really had himself a day) but was stranded. After another perfect inning by JJ (where was this guy in the ninth inning?), Hardy again got on base to lead off the inning. How about this guy? Fourth time on base of the night! Roberts AGAIN bunted him over, but this time Markakis struck out and after the Mariners intentionally walked Silky D again, Fox AGAIN made the last out the inning. On to the 12th! Jim Johnson was replaced by...Jeremy Accardo! No! He's not good! And to prove it, Figgins started the inning with a single, but was then thankfully erased on a double play ball off the bat of Smoak. Not to confuse anyone into thinking Accardo is a good pitcher, he then walked Miguel Olivo so that Stumblin' Jack Cust could hit a double to right field. Markakis played the ball and fired to Roberts, who hit Wieters with a perfect throw to gun down Olivo to end the inning (he looked safe to me, but whatever). Bottom of the 12th! Embarrassed by his emotional outburst earlier, Felix lined a double to right-center to start things off. The Mariners opted to intentionally walk the smoking-hot Jones, and for them it was the right move. Wieters flew out and Reynolds struck out, and after an infield single by Hardy (fourth hit of the night, fifth time on base) to load the bases, Roberts struck out to end the inning. Brian Roberts just looks terrible out there, folks. It's sad. Accardo remained on to pitch in the 13th inning, and as I have stressed to you a number of times, he is not a good pitcher. Jack Wilson and his .277 OBP hit a double to get things started, then moved to third on a cheap hit by Mike Wilson (his first ML hit, congrats to Mike), a pop up that glanced off of Hardy's glove. Jack Wilson scored and the Mariners finally took the lead. Brandon League came in to face the O's in the bottom of the 13th, with Nick Markakis leading off. Nick singled to right, his third hit of the night, bringing up Silky D. Let's go, Silky D! Sadly, Silky D struck out, but Jake Fox finally got a hit with a seeing-eye grounder between the 3B and SS. With one out, Felix came to the plate. He worked the count to 2-1 then hit a ball sharply to Wilson at second. It looked like he'd make the play but the ball took a nasty hop right over his glove and into right field. Markakis raced home to tie the game. The way this game had gone to that point, I figured that Jones would probably hit into a double play and end the inning, and well, he tried. He hit a ground ball to the M's shortstop who bobbled it, then when he realized he wouldn't be able to get the double play, he fired home where Fox was tagged out. That left the path clear for our hero, Matt Wieters. Wieters had gone 1-for-6 to that point, but he came through this time, lining the first pitch he saw into center field. Pie raced around third and beat the throw home to score the winning run. He threw a triumphant fist pump into the air as the Orioles flooded out of the dugout to celebrate. What a game. What a debacle. What terrible baseball teams.  
3 View photosSeattle Mariners right fielder Carlos Peguero runs under a fly ball by Baltimore Orioles' Brian Roberts to make the catch for an out in foul territory during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, May 10, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreFor the first time this season, the Baltimore Orioles won a game despite trailing after seven innings.They had to work overtime and mount one final comeback to make it happen.Matt Wieters singled home the winning run with two outs in the 13th inning, and the Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 7-6 on Tuesday night to end a four-game losing streak.After the Mariners got the go-ahead run in the top of the 13th, the Orioles scored twice in the bottom half against Brandon League, who blew his first save opportunity in 10 chances this season.J.J. Hardy homered and had four hits for Baltimore in his first game back from the disabled list. The Orioles, who trailed 2-1 in the sixth and 4-3 in the eighth, improved to 1-17 when trailing after seven."Real big. We made it exciting there in the 13th. I think it was the 13th," Hardy said. "To come back and to get two runs was great."Baltimore blew a one-run lead with two outs in the ninth, but it all ended well — even if it took 4 hours, 8 minutes to get it done."It was tough," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "But I was glad to see them get a result from what they put into it tonight."Adam Kennedy homered for the Mariners, who took the lead in the 13th on Mike Wilson's first major league hit.In the 10th inning, both dugouts cleared after Baltimore's Felix Pie and Seattle first baseman Justin Smoak exchanged heated words. Pie was angered by a hard tag by Smoak, who had to chase down Pie after the runner reversed direction while heading toward first."He kind of put his shoulder into (me), and I didn't like it too much," Smoak said. "So that was about it."Said Pie: "I said 'What's wrong?' I did nothing wrong."With runners on first and second in the 13th, Pie hit a wicked smash to second that bounced over the glove of Jack Wilson and into center, tying the game. One out later, Wieters delivered the game-winner.Jeremy Accardo (2-0) got the win despite allowing a run in the top half of the 13th.Called up from Triple-A Tacoma on Monday after the Mariners cut Milton Bradley, Wilson made his big league debut as a pinch hitter in the seventh inning. He was 0 for 3 before coming to the plate in the 13th following a leadoff double by Jack Wilson.Mike Wilson hit a liner that glanced off the glove of Hardy at shortstop. Jack Wilson, who was running on the pitch, scored easily."It came at the perfect time, an RBI to give us the lead," Mike Wilson said of his milestone hit. "It couldn't have happened any better."But the lead wouldn't last."It was a frustrating game," Seattle designated hitter Jack Cust said. "It seemed like we had it there a couple times and couldn't shut them down. Just one of those crazy games. That is what makes baseball so interesting."The Orioles trailed in the eighth before scoring two runs off Jamey Wright, who came in with a 1.17 ERA.Derrek Lee drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Vladimir Guerrero. Luke Scott followed with an RBI single, and Adam Jones capped the uprising with a run-scoring single up the middle.For the second time in three innings, Baltimore couldn't hold the lead.Michael Saunders led off the ninth with a single off closer Kevin Gregg and took second on a comebacker by Ichiro Suzuki. After Chone Figgins grounded out, Smoak hit a soft liner to left that dropped in front of Pie to make it 5-all.In extra innings, Seattle missed a chance to take the lead in the 12th when Miguel Olivo was thrown out trying to score on a two-out double by Cust.Seattle led 2-1 before Jones hit a two-run double in the sixth, providing the Orioles with their first lead in 40 innings. But Seattle promptly went back on top in the seventh against Mike Gonzalez.Saunders launched the rally with a two-out single that ended an 0-for-26 skid. Suzuki beat out a bunt, and Figgins followed with an RBI double. After an intentional walk loaded the bases, Koji Uehara yielded an infield hit to Olivo.Kennedy hit a two-run homer in the second inning off Jake Arrieta, Seattle's second home run in 10 games.Hardy made it 2-1 in the third with his first homer as an Oriole. He was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after missing a month with a strained left oblique.It was only the third homer allowed by rookie starter Michael Pineda in seven starts this season.NOTES: To make room for Hardy, the Orioles designated RHP Josh Rupe for assignment. ... Baltimore's Brian Roberts went 0 for 5 and has just one hit in his last 31 at-bats. 
6  Yesterday I was fortunate to be able to spend some time on the field at Camden Yards with Daniel Moroz from Camden Crazies, Anthony Amobi from Oriole Post, and Steve Giles of Baltimore Sports Report. The Orioles invited us to watch some batting practice then talk to Matt Klentak, the Director of Baseball Operations, and Jeremy Guthrie (no introduction needed). It was a great gesture by the Orioles to give us the access and it was also really cool. We got to the field just as Luke Scott was in the cage taking BP, smoking balls into the center field seats. Also in his group were Nick Markakis, Vladimir Guerrero, Mark Reynolds (who was hitting balls the way we thought he'd hit them in actual games), and Adam Jones. The usual suspects (Palmer, Thorne, Hunter) were hanging around the cages in addition to coaches and a few guys from the Mariners. The Mariners filtered out of the third base side bullpen as BP went on, and we got to watch them do some warming up and stretching. Just hanging around in his jeans was Ken Griffey, Jr. It's amazing how much he just looks like a regular dude. The weather was gorgeous and I could have just stood there behind home plate watching the guys forever, but we had business to take care of.   Matt Klentak, the Director of Baseball Operations for the Orioles, met with us first. Not being entirely sure what Klentak's responsibilities were, that seemed a reasonable place to start the Q&A. While his responsibilities vary depending upon what is needed (he mentioned that a person in his position should never fall in love with one particular task because things change so rapidly),  he is largely responsible for the administration of the forty-man roster. Upon hearing this I of course immediately thought of Pedro Viola and how he has managed to defy all logic by remaining on the roster this long, but I kept that to myself. Klentak is responsible for ensuring the Orioles meet all the rules of compliance regarding the forty-man roster, including managing the disabled list and other details. Klentak also spoke about international scouting and specifically the Orioles' decision to not be one of the major players internationally. Klentak echoed the sentiments previously voiced by President of Baseball Operations Andy MacPhail when he said that historically speaking, investments in the international market aren't as sound as domestic investments, and while the team has increased its resources for the international market the past couple years, they are not and probably will not be one of the biggest spenders internationally.    Klentak then went a step further, telling us that last year the Orioles brought someone in for the specific task of analyzing the return on investment for international signings and based on the results, it was determined that it wasn't high enough to to warrant a bigger investment than they are giving it (he understandably declined to give details on the study). The Orioles have to be mindful of their resource allocation and while the domestic front is also risky, it's easier to know their true talent level. Players in international markets have agents that protect them so fiercely that it can be difficult to see them play in enough game situations to accurately assess their talent. A few other topics were broached with Klentak (he doesn't know what will happen with the new CBA agreement and while he's disappointed with the on-field performance of the team he's certain it's not what we'll see for the rest of the season), but the international scouting conversation was definitely the most interesting. Afterward Daniel Moroz (official number cruncher of the blogO'sphere) expressed an interest in doing his own research on the rate of return on international prospects, and when I got back to my computer I emailed our James F because I knew he would be interested in those comments. Hopefully one or both of those guys will do some digging to try and determine just how valuable international scouting is. I'll have more later today on meeting Jeremy Guthrie and what he had to say about his performance so far this year, his opinions on Zach Britton and being considered a mentor, his foray into the world of social media, and more.     
0      Supported by    Baseball  Two Starters Pitch 9 Shutout Innings  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSMAY 12, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BALTIMORE (AP) — For 11 innings, the Seattle Mariners and the Baltimore Orioles did not come close to scoring Thursday. The starters, the Orioles’ Zach Britton and the Mariners’ Jason Vargas, each pitched nine shutout innings.Then J. J. Hardy singled in two runs in the 12th, and the Orioles rallied to beat the Mariners, 2-1, for a three-game sweep.After Seattle scored in the top of the 12th, Baltimore bounced back against Brandon League. Derrek Lee hit a leadoff single, and League hit Vladimir Guerrero and Adam Jones with pitches to load the bases with no outs. (League hit only two batters all last year.) After an out, Hardy hit a bouncer up the middle that scored both runs.Britton, a rookie, gave up three hits, struck out five and walked none in the longest outing of his eight-game career. He did not allow a runner past first base and retired the final 13 batters he faced. Vargas yielded seven hits, walked one and struck out four.  A version of this article appears in print on May 13, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Two Starters Pitch 9 Shutout Innings.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosSeattle Mariners third baseman Chone Figgins awaits the throw as Baltimore Orioles Adam Jones slides into third for a triple in the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 11, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreThe Seattle Mariners received another annoying reminder about the ill-fated 2008 trade that sent Adam Jones, Chris Tillman and three other players to the Baltimore Orioles for Erik Bedard.Tillman pitched six innings of three-hit ball, Jones went 4 for 4 with two RBIs, and the Orioles beat Felix Hernandez and the Mariners 4-2 on Wednesday night.Drafted in the second round of the 2006 draft by Seattle, Tillman (2-3) gave up one run in his first career start against the Mariners. He threw a career-high 112 pitches, struck out five and walked three."It felt good," Tillman said. "First of all, it was good seeing those guys again, the few that are left. But I think that gave me a little extra boost; it got me dialed in a little bit."Jones, Seattle's top pick in the 2003 draft, matched his career high in hits and provided the margin of victory with a two-run triple in the fifth inning against Felix Hernandez (4-3)."I don't care about playing the Mariners anymore," Jones said. "The only thing that's cool is to still see Ichiro (Suzuki) and some of my friends, some of the guys I played with. Besides that, they're another team now."And Bedard is just another pitcher trying to bounce back from a series of injuries. Since the trade, he's 12-11.Tillman ended his night by striking out Adam Kennedy with runners on second and third with two outs in the sixth and Baltimore up 4-1."He pitched well tonight," Kennedy said of Tillman. "Don't know if that was typically him."Tillman has been both sharp and awful this season. He threw six innings of no-hit ball against Tampa Bay on April 2, but surrendered eight runs in 3 2-3 innings against Kansas City in his last start.Kevin Gregg, the third Baltimore reliever, worked the ninth for his seventh save.Jones put the Orioles up 4-1 in the fifth with a two-run triple off Hernandez, the reigning AL Cy Young winner.Hernandez allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings. It was only the second time in eight starts this season that he yielded more than two earned runs."My command was way off. Made a couple of mistakes and paid," the right-hander said.Seattle manager Eric Wedge added: "Felix just didn't have the command he usually does. But he's still a great competitor and he gave us everything he had."It's almost unfair because even when he is a little bit off he's better than anyone else. He is human; sometimes people forget that. You're not going to be perfect every time you go out there."Michael Saunders homered for the Mariners, who have lost four straight. Suzuki had two hits to extend his hitting streak to 14 games at Camden Yards, where he's a .389 lifetime hitter.Baltimore used a three-run fifth inning to take a 4-1 lead. Hernandez retired the first two batters before Derrek Lee singled and Vladimir Guerrero was hit by a pitch. Luke Scott then grounded an RBI single up the middle and Jones followed with a liner to the gap in right-center.Saunders homered off Jason Berken in the seventh.After working a perfect first inning, Hernandez struggled the rest of the way. The Orioles used a pair of two-out singles and a walk to load the bases in the second, but Robert Andino grounded out to end the threat.In the third, Tillman hit Brendan Ryan with a pitch and issued a four-pitch walk to Saunders before Chone Figgins hit an RBI single.Baltimore got a run in the bottom half when Brian Roberts walked, took third on a single by Felix Pie and scored on a fly ball by Lee.Notes: Orioles OF Nick Markakis stayed at home with a contagious strand of the flu and 3B Mark Reynolds was rested after a 9-for-71 skid dropped his batting average to .177. That left Lee as the only Baltimore player to participate in every game this season. ... Hernandez fell to 4-1 lifetime at Camden Yards. ... Roberts went 0 for 3 and is hitless in his last 26 official at-bats. ... Suzuki has 18 multihit games, second in the AL. 
3 View photosSeattle Mariners third baseman Chone Figgins awaits the throw as Baltimore Orioles Adam Jones slides into third for a triple in the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, May 11, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreChris Tillman waited three years to give the Seattle Mariners a firsthand look at what they let get away by trading him to the Baltimore Orioles.The right-hander finally got the chance Wednesday night, and he made the most of it.Tillman pitched six innings of three-hit ball, Adam Jones went 4 for 4 with two RBIs, and the Orioles beat Felix Hernandez and the Mariners 4-2.Tillman and Jones were both traded from the Mariners to Baltimore in 2008 as part of a five-player deal that sent pitcher Erik Bedard to Seattle. Although the Mariners really didn't need a reminder of just how lopsided that trade was, Tillman and Jones did just that.Drafted in the second round of the 2006 draft by Seattle, Tillman (2-3) gave up one run in his first start against the Mariners. He struck out five and walked three before being lifted after throwing a career-high 112 pitches."It felt good," Tillman said. "First of all, it was good seeing those guys again, the few that are left. But I think that gave me a little extra boost; it got me dialed in a little bit."Tillman ended his night by striking out Adam Kennedy with runners on second and third with two outs in the sixth and Baltimore up 4-1."He pitched well tonight," Kennedy said of Tillman. "Don't know if that was typically him."Tillman has been both sharp and awful this season. He threw six innings of no-hit ball against Tampa Bay on April 2, but surrendered eight runs in 3 2-3 innings against Kansas City in his last start.Kevin Gregg, the third Baltimore reliever, worked the ninth for his seventh save.Jones put the Orioles up 4-1 in the fifth with a two-run triple off Hernandez, the reigning AL Cy Young winner. The four hits tied a career high for Jones, Seattle's top pick in the 2003 draft.Unlike Tillman, Jones has faced the Mariners quite a few times since the trade. So he derived little satisfaction in helping defeat the team that traded him away."I don't care about playing the Mariners anymore," Jones said. "The only thing that's cool is to still see Ichiro (Suzuki) and some of my friends, some of the guys I played with. Besides that, they're another team now."Hernandez (4-3) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings. It was only the second time in eight starts this season that he yielded more than two earned runs."My command was way off. Made a couple of mistakes and paid," the right-hander said.Seattle manager Eric Wedge added: "Felix just didn't have the command he usually does. But he's still a great competitor and he gave us everything he had."It's almost unfair because even when he is a little bit off, he's better than anyone else. He is human; sometimes people forget that. You're not going to be perfect every time you go out there."Michael Saunders homered for the Mariners, who have lost four straight. Suzuki had two hits to extend his hitting streak to 14 games at Camden Yards, where he's a .389 lifetime hitter.Baltimore used a three-run fifth inning to take a 4-1 lead. Hernandez retired the first two batters before Derrek Lee singled and Vladimir Guerrero was hit by a pitch. Luke Scott then grounded an RBI single up the middle and Jones followed with a liner to the gap in right-center.Saunders homered off Jason Berken in the seventh.After working a perfect first inning, Hernandez struggled the rest of the way. The Orioles used a pair of two-out singles and a walk to load the bases in the second, but Robert Andino grounded out to end the threat.In the third, Tillman hit Brendan Ryan with a pitch and issued a four-pitch walk to Saunders before Chone Figgins hit an RBI single.Baltimore got a run in the bottom half when Brian Roberts walked, took third on a single by Felix Pie and scored on a fly ball by Lee.Notes: Orioles OF Nick Markakis stayed at home with a contagious strand of the flu and 3B Mark Reynolds was rested after a 9-for-71 skid dropped his batting average to .177. That left Lee as the only Baltimore player to participate in every game this season. ... Hernandez fell to 4-1 lifetime at Camden Yards. ... Roberts went 0 for 3 and is hitless in his last 26 official at-bats. ... Suzuki has 18 multihit games, second in the AL. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             One Hit and One Miscue Are Enough for Arizona  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSMAY 14, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Josh Collmenter pitched two-hit ball over six innings in his first major league start Saturday night, and a miscommunication on a pickoff throw by Chad Billingsley led to the only run for the Arizona Diamondbacks in a 1-0 road victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers.Collmenter (2-0) struck out three, walked none and retired his final 11 batters after giving up Billingsley’s one-out double in the third. The Diamondbacks got one hit in the game but ended a five-game streak of one-run losses.Stephen Drew led off the second inning with a double, and Billingsley (2-3) tried to pick him off. But shortstop Jamey Carroll failed to cover the bag with the left-hander Miguel Montero at the plate, and the ball rolled into center field as Drew went to third. He scored on a sacrifice fly.REDS 7, CARDINALS 3 Johnny Cueto took a shutout into the eighth inning as host Cincinnati moved back into first place in the National League Central. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Ramon Hernandez hit solo homers on the first two pitches he saw from Kyle McClellan (5-1). Brandon Phillips drove in three runs for the Reds, one with a solo homer.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Cincinnati, the defending division champion, moved into first place alone for the first time since April 18. Cueto (2-0) was a central figure in a brawl last Aug. 10, when he slashed two Cardinals with his cleats and got a seven-game suspension. He had not faced them since.PADRES 9, ROCKIES 7 Brad Hawpe hit a two-run homer with two outs in the ninth inning to complete a six-run comeback for visiting San Diego. Colorado trailed, 7-1, before scoring four times in the seventh inning and tying the score with two runs in the eighth.MARLINS 1, NATIONALS 0 Anibal Sanchez shut down Washington again, allowing three hits in eight innings, and Mike Stanton hit a home run in the seventh for visiting Florida. The Marlins won their eighth straight game at Washington. Sanchez (3-1) improved to 7-0 in his career against the Nationals, with a 1.99 earned run average.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  GIANTS 3, CUBS 0 Ryan Vogelsong pitched six scoreless innings for his first career shutout in a game that was called because of rain in Chicago. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    BRAVES 5, PHILLIES 3 Martin Prado homered and drove in three runs, and Jair Jurrjens (5-0) took a perfect game into the sixth for host Atlanta.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  BREWERS 8, PIRATES 2 Prince Fielder, Brandon Boggs and Ryan Braun hit solo home runs and host Milwaukee beat Pittsburgh for the eighth straight time.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ORIOLES 6, RAYS 0 Brad Bergesen pitched a four-hitter for his first career shutout, and Jake Fox hit a two-run homer for visiting Baltimore. The Orioles improved to 18-20. They did not reach 18 victories last season until June 15, when their record was 18-47.BLUE JAYS 9, TWINS 3 Jose Bautista hit a two-run homer in the 11th inning and visiting Toronto won its fourth in a row while sending Minnesota to its seventh straight loss.ANGELS 3, RANGERS 2 Maicer Izturis drove in the winning run with a two-out single in the ninth inning for visiting Los Angeles. Dan Haren, the Angels’ starter, wound up without a decision after allowing two runs in seven and two-thirds innings. He is winless (0-2) in his last five starts despite a 1.93 E.R.A. that is second best in the American League. He won his first four decisions.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  TIGERS 3, ROYALS 0 Brad Penny pitched eight scoreless innings and host Detroit won its seventh in a row.ATHLETICS 6, WHITE SOX 2 David DeJesus lined a two-run triple for his 1,000th career hit, and Tyson Ross took a shutout into the sixth inning for host Oakland.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  4 HOMERS IN MINORS Michael Aubrey, a 2003 first-round pick, hit four home runs for the Washington Nationals’ Class AAA team, the Syracuse Chiefs, in an 11-0 win over the Durham Bulls.  A version of this article appears in print on May 15, 2011, on Page SP3 of the New York edition with the headline: One Hit and One Miscue Are Enough for Arizona.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          ASTROS 7, METS 3   Dickey Continues to Struggle as Mets Fall to Astros MAY 14, 2011              Mets’ Francisco Rodriguez Begins to Find Calm MAY 14, 2011         RED SOX 6, YANKEES 0   Yanks’ Night Starts Oddly, Then Turns to Disaster MAY 14, 2011              Posada Drops to Ninth, Then Out of Yankees’ Lineup MAY 14, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Matt Wieters reacts after a swinging strike in the seventh inning of a 3-0 loss to the Tampa Bay Rays in a baseball game Friday, May 13, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. MoreBrad Bergesen tossed a four-hitter for his first major league shutout, Jake Fox hit a two-run homer and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6-0 on Saturday.Bergesen (1-4) picked up his first victory since last Sept. 21 at Boston. The right-hander entered 0-5 with a 9.13 ERA in five career starts against Tampa Bay.Baltimore took a 4-0 lead when Fox hit a two-run shot in the sixth off Wade Davis (4-3). Mark Reynolds also homered for Baltimore, which improved to 18-20 this year. The Orioles didn't reach 18 victories last season until June 15, when their record was 18-47.The Rays were held hitless after Sam Fuld's one-out single during the third.Tampa Bay had runners on first and third with one out during the first, but Bergesen got out of trouble by getting a double-play grounder from Evan Longoria. The Rays had a runner reach third in each of the first three innings, but failed to capitalize.Reynolds made it 2-0 with a solo homer in the fifth, but Baltimore missed out on a chance for a big inning when Luke Scott lined out to right with the bases loaded and two outs.Vladimir Guerrero put Baltimore up 1-0 on a first-inning RBI double. After Adam Jones hit a run-scoring single in the seventh, Derrek Lee extended the Orioles' advantage to 6-0 when he drove in a run with a double one inning later.Davis gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings. The right-hander had gone 4-0 over his previous five starts.Baltimore leadoff hitter Brian Roberts, mired in a 2-for-35 slide, had two hits in five at-bats. Manager Buck Showalter hasn't considered taking Roberts out of the top spot, saying before the game that the second baseman is the best option and will continue to hit there.NOTES: Tampa Bay CF B.J. Upton was back in the lineup after a two-game suspension for his tirade after he was ejected May 4. ... Baltimore RHP Justin Duchscherer (strained left hip) is expected to throw three innings at extended spring training in four or five days. He had a two-inning outing on Friday. ... Rays manager Joe Maddon said DH Johnny Damon will play in the outfield once during a three-game interleague series next weekend at Florida. ... Orioles C Matt Wieters was rested. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' Sam Fuld leaves the game with a bloodied lip after being caught stealing second during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Sunday, May 15, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. MoreJ.J. Hardy had the big hit, but gave most of the credit for a series victory to Baltimore's starting pitching.Hardy hit a grand slam, Nick Markakis added a solo shot and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9-3 on Sunday.Jake Arrieta (5-1) allowed two runs and four hits over six innings for the Orioles, who took two of three from Tampa Bay. The right-hander has won a career-best four consecutive decisions."The starting pitching, it's where it all starts," Hardy said. "Our guys have been doing great."Baltimore got complete games from Jeremy Guthrie and Brad Bergesen in the first two games of the series."They, kind of, answered a challenge of going deep into games," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "Considering the opposition, it's pretty impressive."The Orioles loaded the bases in the sixth with no outs as Rays reliever Rob Delaney walked all three batters — one intentionally — he faced. Hardy then put Baltimore up 8-2 when he hit his third career grand slam on a 2-0 pitch from Cesar Ramos. It was Hardy's first grand slam since May 12, 2007 while with Milwaukee against the New York Mets.The Orioles (19-20) didn't reach 19 wins last season until June 19th, when their record was 19-49."We're playing with some confidence right now," Hardy said after Baltimore won for the fifth time in six games.Tampa Bay got solo homers from Elliot Johnson and Matt Joyce. The AL East-leading Rays (23-17) are 10-12 at home.Joyce, who entered hitting an AL-best .360, went 2 for 3 with a walk one day after leaving the game with cramping in his right quadriceps. He hit his sixth homer this season in the eighth, which helped his average climb to .368.Baltimore took a 3-0 lead during the third when Derrek Lee drove in two runs with a single off Andy Sonnanstine (0-1). Markakis' solo homer gave the Orioles a 4-2 advantage in the fifth."There were a lot of big plays," Showalter said.Johnson cut the Rays' deficit to 3-1 with his first major league homer in the third. Casey Kotchman made it 3-2 on a fourth-inning RBI single.Tampa Bay has not scored more than five runs in any of its 22 home games, which is the longest stretch to open a season since the 1908 Brooklyn Superbas."It's no fun," Rays manager Joe Maddon said. "I've really tried to analyze it and think it all the way through, and I have no idea. It's just strange."Matt Wieters put the Orioles ahead 1-0 with a two-out, RBI single in the second. He is 9 for 14 this season with runners in scoring position and two outs.Baltimore's Mark Reynolds had an RBI single in the ninth.Sonnanstine, filling in for the injured Jeff Niemann, gave up four runs and eight hits in five innings. Niemann, on the 15-day disabled list because of a strained lower back, is making progress, but has not started a throwing program.Maddon would not commit to Sonnanstine staying in the rotation."I'm not ready to say one way or the other right now," Maddon said. "This is something we definitely have to look at, there's no question."Notes: Rays LF Sam Fuld left the game with a cut upper lip, which occured on a stolen base attempt in the seventh. The cut required two stitches. ... Tampa Bay will play the New York Yankees for the first time this season Monday night in the opener of a two-game series. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz, who has been on the DL all season because of a strained ribcage muscle, is scheduled to throw around 60 pitches in his first rehab start for Class-A Frederick on Monday. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Britton, Tillman gearing up to make Fenway debutsLefty 'definitely excited'; righty has more muted reactionMay 15, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — Orioles starters Chris Tillman and Zach Britton will experience an important first this week: their first appearances at Fenway Park in Boston. "It's time. What are we going to do, keep them from pitching there?" Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "They pitch. It's part of the process. I'd like to think it won't be the last time they pitch there. We'll see." Tillman, who is 2-3 with a 6.15 ERA, will start Monday's game against Daisuke Matsuzaka. Britton (5-2, 2.42) pitches the finale of the two-game series Tuesday against John Lackey. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "I am definitely excited about Fenway. I have never been there, so I am anxious to see that park and everything that goes around it," Britton said. "I heard it is pretty old, but I heard it is a great atmosphere, so I am looking forward to it." Britton, a rookie, is seemingly excited wherever he pitches in the majors. The day before his big league debut in April, he went out to the left-field stands at Tropicana Field hours before game time to get a feel for the place. And Fenway has a little more aura than the Trop. "I definitely am going to take a little tour, an unguided tour," Britton, 23, said. "I am going to walk around and see what it is like." Tillman said he has respect for places like Fenway and Yankee Stadium, but he can't let it be more than that. "I'm not going to lie. When I first came up, yeah, I think there's that awe factor," Tillman said. "But now I know it's just about getting the job done — every time — and improving on the things I need to improve on and just giving this team a chance to win. It's the most important thing, and I think that's the first thing in any of our pitchers' heads." Showalter knows young players can be intimidated by things like Fenway's Green Monster wall in left field. But he said they can't let it be a psychological barrier. "Well, if it is, and you plan on pitching in the big leagues, in the American League East for the Baltimore Orioles, you better figure it out," Showalter said. "Because it ain't going away. That thing has been there for a while." Orioles pitching coach Mark Connor said he talked to Britton on Sunday morning about playing at Fenway and how it is a "great experience." But he said there will be no substitute for actually pitching there. "I don't think anything really prepares a pitcher to pitch there," Connor said. "It's like pitching at Yankee Stadium for the first time." Reynolds flashes power Mark Reynolds' opposite-field homer Saturday may or may not be the spark the third baseman needs to get out of a funk that has kept his batting average below .200 this season. Reynolds said after Saturday's game that he appreciates the way Showalter has stuck with him. On Sunday morning, the manager said he'll continue to do that — to a point. "As long as you are trying and you are not giving in to it, but he understands that we do have other options," Showalter said. "I am trustworthy of a track record, and keep in mind this guy is 27, he's not 35. He has played four years in the big leagues. I just want him to defend all that's happening." Showalter said he has seen moments of frustration from the easygoing Reynolds — "a couple bat slams on the rack, but it's not your big [display]" — but he understands how badly Reynolds wants to succeed. "I think he is a little tired of the 'ooh' and 'ah,' where it's 'just missed it, just missed it, just missed it.' I don't think he wants that," Showalter said. "He wants to center a ball up like he did [Saturday]." Matusz on pitch count Left-hander Brian Matusz (intercostal strain) will make his season debut at Single-A Frederick on Monday and is expected to pitch about four innings. But Showalter said the organization is more concerned about Matusz's pitch count, which will be between 55 and 60. "So if he has got 45 pitches in the fourth inning, he is going to keep pitching," Showalter said. The plan is for Matusz to throw 80 pitches in his next outing, which is slated for May 26 at either Triple-A Norfolk or Double-A Bowie. That depends primarily on the weather forecast for that day. The Orioles could activate Matusz after May 26, or they may want him to have a 100-pitch, pain-free outing in the minors before he returns to the majors. Around the horn Norfolk catcher Craig Tatum (shoulder soreness) is eligible to come off the Triple-A disabled list but will remain on it for a few more days, Showalter said. Tatum threw at various lengths and experienced discomfort on 120-foot throws, so the organization will be cautious. … Righty Justin Duchscherer (left hip) will throw three innings in extended spring Wednesday. If that goes well, he'll throw four innings his next time out. …Before throwing three innings Sunday, the Orioles' bullpen hadn't pitched in regulation in its past three games. Friday and Saturday, Orioles starters pitched complete games, and Thursday, Britton went nine innings before the bullpen pitched the final three extra innings. dan.connolly@baltsun.com twitter.com/danconnollysun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Red Sox Rally to Beat Orioles and Top .500  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSMAY 17, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Adrian Gonzalez smacked a two-run double off the left-field wall with one out in the ninth inning to give the Boston Red Sox an 8-7 win over the visiting Baltimore Orioles on Monday night.Trailing by 7-6 going into the inning, the Red Sox put runners at first and second on one-out walks to Jacoby Ellsbury and Dustin Pedroia. Gonzalez, the American League leader with 37 runs batted in, got the winning hit on the first pitch he saw from Kevin Gregg (0-1).Alfredo Aceves (1-0) got the win, allowing one run in three innings.The Orioles had a 6-0 lead before the Red Sox scored five runs in the sixth, and Mark Reynolds gave Baltimore a two-run lead with a home run in the seventh.Boston (21-20) went over .500 for the first time this season with its fourth consecutive win, including a three-game road sweep of the Yankees. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      INDIANS 19, ROYALS 1 Michael Brantley hit a three-run homer and Travis Hafner a bases-loaded double in a 10-run fourth inning for visiting Cleveland. Vin Mazzaro, the third Kansas City pitcher, was charged with team-record 14 runs in 21/3 innings. He became the third major league pitcher since 1947 to allow 14 runs in a game, according to Stats L.L.C.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  RANGERS 4, WHITE SOX 0 Colby Lewis (4-4) pitched a five-hitter for his first career shutout for visiting Texas. Lewis struck out seven and walked one in his third career complete game.BLUE JAYS 4, TIGERS 2 Kyle Drabek pitched seven strong innings as visiting Toronto ended Detroit’s seven-game winning streak. Drabek (2-3) allowed only one run despite walking six, and gave up three hits.LACKEY GOES TO D.L. The Red Sox placed the right-hander John Lackey on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right elbow. ... The Seattle Mariners released Milton Bradley, who was designated for assignment last week. ... The Indians placed Grady Sizemore on the 15-day disabled list with a bruised right knee. ... The Blue Jays put Adam Lind, who is batting .313 with 7 homers and 27 R.B.I., on the 15-day disabled list with an injured back. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    BRAVES 3, ASTROS 2 Eric Hinske had three hits, including a tie-breaking single in the seventh, for host Atlanta, which was without third baseman Chipper Jones, who has a knee injury, and right fielder Jason Heyward, who missed his sixth straight start because of a sore shoulder.  (AP)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  NATIONALS 4, PIRATES 2 Danny Espinosa, who had been in an 8-for-73 slump, clubbed a two-run homer in the seventh for host Washington. Espinosa leads all rookies with 22 R.B.I., but his batting average had dipped to .193 from .281.  (AP)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CARDINALS 3, PHILLIES 1 Host St. Louis ended a three-game losing streak in Manager Tony La Russa’s first game back from shingles. The Cardinals capitalized on a career-high six walks by Cliff Lee (2-4), who is winless in six starts since throwing a three-hit shutout in Washington. (AP)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  REDS 7, CUBS 4 Jonny Gomes hit his first homer in nearly a month, completing a seven-run rally for host Cincinnati. Carlos Zambrano (4-2) had won his last 10 starts on the road, matching the second-longest streak for Chicago since 1919. Zambrano took a one-hitter into the sixth, when the Reds sent 12 batters to the plate — their biggest inning this season.  (AP)ROCKIES 7, GIANTS 4 Carlos Gonzalez capped a five-run sixth inning with a three-run homer off an unusually wild Tim Lincecum in Denver. Lincecum (3-4) set up Colorado’s big inning with a throwing error on a potential double-play comebacker, leading to four unearned runs. Lincecum was charged with seven runs in 52/3 innings.  (AP)OSWALT REJOINS PHILLIES The Phillies activated the right-handed starter Roy Oswalt, who had been on the 15-day disabled list with inflammation in his lower back. ... The Reds placed the left-hander Aroldis Chapman on the 15-day disabled list with an inflamed pitching shoulder.  (AP)  A version of this article appears in print on May 17, 2011, on Page B13 of the New York edition with the headline: Red Sox Rally To Beat Orioles And Top .500.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */At the quarter pole, the Orioles are still in the AL East raceMay 17, 2011|By Matt VenselWe’ve reached the quarter pole of the 2011 Orioles season -- well, technically we will get there in the middle of the fifth inning during tonight’s game against the Red Sox -- and the Orioles are doing as well as most of us had expected. At 19-21, they were one bullpen collapse from checking in at the .500 mark.Thanks in part to a 6-1 start, the Orioles are hanging tough in the most competitive division in American pro sports. The Orioles are in fifth place, but they trail the AL East-leading Rays by four and a half games.They have looked like they could be contenders at times, as recently as the first five and a half innings of last night’s 8-7 loss. We have seen bright spots for both the short- and long-term in the play of catcher Matt Wieters and center fielder Adam Jones and in Zach Britton’s impressive first month in the majors. And even with the injury to Brian Matusz, the rotation hasn’t been a liability like some analysts had predicted it would be. var adSkipCounter = 0; It’s been consistency that has really hurt the Orioles this year, with honorable mention going to Michael Gonzalez and the Orioles bullpen. Through 40 days and nights of baseball, the Orioles have clicked on all four cylinders on only a few occasions.On some nights -- usually the ones that open with Jeremy Guthrie on the mound -- the offense has let the starting pitching down. On others, it’s the other way around.And then there are nights like last night, when the Orioles got five scoreless innings from Chris Tillman and took a 6-0 lead into the bottom of the sixth inning, only to see the bullpen choke it away.Whatever the reason, this team has simply been streaky. The bad Orioles have had losing skids of eight, four and three games so far. The good Orioles have a four-game winning streak to their credit and have won three straight games two other times.Which of these teams will we be talking about in September?It’s too early to tell, which is why it’s understandable -- heck, it’s expected -- for worn-out fans to be waiting for the other cleat to drop. It slammed to the ground in each of the past 13 summers.But at the quarter pole, the 2011 Orioles are in the back of a crowded pack in the AL East. Their division rivals will probably pull away during the long season, but at least the Orioles are still factors in this race. We'll see how long they can hang around.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Report: Orioles' Simon to be tried in Dominican RepublicPitcher reportedly to go to trial on manslaughter charges stemming from fatal shootingMay 17, 2011|By Matt Vensel, The Baltimore SunOrioles pitcher Alfredo Simon, accused of shooting and killing a 25-year-old man in his native Dominican Republic during New Year's celebrations, will go to trial, a judge has ruled, according to an Associated Press report out of the Dominican Republic. Simon, 30, was in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic, for Monday's hearing. He was back in the United States later Monday and started for Double-A Bowie on Tuesday night in Richmond, Va. Dinora Diloné, an attorney for Simon, maintains that his client is innocent in the shooting that killed Michael Castillo Almonte. "The case was sent back to trial even though there is no evidence to confirm that Alfredo was involved in the incident. Even the ballistics tests were negative," Diloné told the Associated Press. var adSkipCounter = 0;  Diloné said no date has been set for the start of the trial, "but it usually takes about two months." If he is found guilty of manslaughter, Simon faces a sentence of three months to two years in prison. The right-hander appeared in 55 games for the Orioles from 2008 to 2010, going 4-3 with a 5.64 ERA. Forty-nine of those appearances came last season, when Simon went 4-2 with a 4.93 ERA and saved 17 games in 21 chances. He has made three starts for Bowie this season, allowing seven runs (six earned) on 14 hits and five walks while striking out 17, good for a 3.38 ERA. Tuesday's outing was Simon's best for the Baysox as he pitched six scoreless innings, surrendering three hits and walking two while striking out four and throwing 53 of his 83 pitches for strikes. He was unavailable for comment after the game. Simon, is who is on baseball's restricted list, will have to be promoted to the Orioles' 25-man roster or released by Sunday or thereabouts. Should Simon be called up to the big league club, he could join the rotation or work out of a bullpen that has struggled mightily of late. Alternatively, the club could put him on its 40-man roster and attempt to send him to the minor leagues, but he would have to clear waivers. If he were to clear waivers in that scenario, he could become a free agent without any further compensation from the Orioles or maintain his current contract and accept a minor league assignment. Through an agreement among the Orioles, the players union, Major League Baseball and Simon's agent, the pitcher has begun collecting a salary of about $227,000, a prorated amount of what he made in 2010. matt.vensel@baltsun.com twitter.com/mattvensel Baltimore Sun reporters Jeff Zrebiec and Dan Connolly, The Richmond Times-Dispatch and Sun staff and news services contributed to this article.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Sabathia Main Part of Yankees’ Recipe    On Baseball  By                       TYLER KEPNER   MAY 18, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       The Yankees invested $341 million in C. C. Sabathia, above, and Mark Teixeira after the club did not make the postseason in 2008.  Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  BALTIMOREC. C. Sabathia reached the majors at age 20, with the Cleveland Indians in 2001. The team was bound for the playoffs, with Bartolo Colon as its ace. Sabathia watched Colon and saw a template for the kind of pitcher he wanted to be.“He gives you everything he’s got every time out,” Sabathia, reunited with Colon this season on the Yankees, said Wednesday. “That was something I admired about him back then, and he’s the same way now. But I think he has more fun doing it now than he did back when I played with him earlier. He just doesn’t look stressed at all. He just goes out and makes pitches.”Colon did that Wednesday, blanking the Baltimore Orioles for eight innings of a 4-1 win in 15 innings at Camden Yards. Sabathia, the staff anchor, will start on Thursday before a weekend series with the Mets.Sabathia is one of three Yankees in their primes, with Robinson Cano and Mark Teixeira. On Wednesday, Cano drilled the go-ahead double in the 15th, four innings after Teixeira’s game-saving stop of a wild throw. Their performance carries the team and their presence carries the clubhouse, even if the more compelling story lines concern the uncomfortable fades of Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada — and perhaps, someday, of Mariano Rivera and Alex Rodriguez. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Yankees invested $341 million in Sabathia and Teixeira after failing to reach the playoffs in 2008. For a team that makes a lot of excessive purchases — most recently reliever Rafael Soriano — the Yankees spent wisely that time, signing star players who also lead.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s his dynamic personality,” Teixeira said, alluding to Sabathia. “C. C.’s always joking around, he’s always having fun, but when it comes to playing the game, he does everything right. So he leads by example on the field, and then when he’s in the clubhouse, guys just love being around him.”Sabathia and Teixeira helped the Yankees win the World Series in their first season, the kind of instant success that minted Jeter in 1996, when he did the same. Jeter was a natural to be the team captain, a position George Steinbrenner bestowed in 2003, and he has handled the title with grace.Jeter will always symbolize the dynasty years — Posada and Rivera, too — and he stands for the competitive mind-set that defined Steinbrenner: winning it all is the only acceptable outcome. There is value in that, but someday the Yankees will not be his team anymore.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  That has never seemed more apparent than it has this week, when the Yankees rebuked Jeter for publicly supporting Posada, his close friend, after Posada’s refusal to play last Saturday. Jeter’s support was predictable, and Posada may have misled him on the details. But Jeter still came off as tone-deaf to some in the front office, who were startled by how much he just didn’t get it.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The whole episode underscores the way the front office seems to view the team, symbolically divided between old and new. The clubhouse itself is cohesive, said Sabathia, who grimaced at the notion that any tensions would have to be smoothed over. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “Smooth what over?” Sabathia said. “There’s been nothing that’s affected us in the last 10 days or whatever. I think, at the end of this, we’ll definitely be closer. I think we have a good chemistry. We started spring training that way, and it’s kind of carried over to the season.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  He continued: “Everything outside that you see on TV, you can’t control that stuff. I don’t think it bothers anybody in here, with us being a veteran ball club.”Sabathia spent his first eight seasons in Cleveland and Milwaukee, far from the news media spotlight, and he viewed New York through the national lens: staid, corporate players trying not to be suffocated by a frenzied environment.“It’s 100 percent different,” he said. “If people could be around us, the perception outside looking in is totally different than what it is in here, how loose and how much fun we have, how much we all get along. Outside looking in, you don’t see all that. You don’t see the interaction; you just see the big names. But my Yankee experience has been great. I wouldn’t change it for anything in the world.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Sabathia, who turns 31 in July, will have a chance to change it after the season if he exercises an opt-out clause and becomes a free agent. With four years left on his contract, Sabathia will have leverage on the Yankees, who should make a two-year extension their first off-season priority.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Sabathia has been uneven this season — 3-3 with a 3.47 earned run average — but he may be the most indispensable Yankee. Think about the starters in the American League East. Would any Yankee besides Sabathia rank in the top 10? Possibly not, though Colon made a strong case Wednesday.In Cleveland, Colon ceded the No. 1 spot in the rotation to Sabathia when he was traded in 2002. Sabathia said he was probably too young for the job, but it speeded his development.“My very first year, I was just trying to survive games,” he said. “Now I want to go out and command and dominate games.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Those games belong to Sabathia. So, in some ways, does the clubhouse, maybe now more than ever.  A version of this article appears in print on May 19, 2011, on Page B17 of the New York edition with the headline: Sabathia Is Main Part Of Yankees’ Recipe.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                     On Baseball A regular analytical column looking at major league baseball.                                          Seeing Noah Syndergaard’s Injury Coming at 100 M.P.H.             MAY 1                                         In Early Going, the Yankees Steal the Mets’ Thunder             APR 28                                         Homer-Hitting Mets Can Blast, but Fail to Bloop             APR 23                                         Daniel Murphy’s Keen Eye Bolsters a Nationals Pillar             APR 21                                         As Pirates’ Starling Marte Begins Suspension, Mets’ Jeurys Familia Returns             APR 19       See More »       
3 View photosFabio Chumpitaz, left, and his four-year-old daughter Jasmin, watch as Fenway Park baseball park empties out following an announcement that the Boston Red Sox's game against the Baltimore Orioles was postponed due to rain, in Boston, Tuesday, May 17, 2011. MoreA rainout gave the Baltimore Orioles an extra 24 hours before making moves to replenish their banged-up roster.Their game against the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night was postponed because of rain. Had the game started, the Orioles would have placed first baseman Derrek Lee and infielder Cesar Izturis on the disabled list and officially recalled first baseman Brandon Snyder and pitcher Troy Patton from Norfolk of the International League.The Red Sox made the announcement about the rainout shortly before the game was scheduled to start as rain created puddles on the tarp covering the infield. Temperatures were in the high 40s and dropping. No makeup date was immediately announced.Both Snyder and Patton were at Fenway Park for the game — with Patton on hand in case the game started and starter Zach Britton been forced to leave because of a rain delay. Because of the rainout, neither was activated and only Snyder is expected to be added Wednesday, when Baltimore is expected to add a position player, perhaps outfielder Nolan Reimold.Lee suffered a strained left oblique in Monday night's game, while Izturis has a nerve problem in his right elbow that led to numbness in his throwing hand. He went back to Baltimore on Monday to see team orthopedist Dr. John Wilckens."Izzy will go on the DL, but we've got 24 hours to think about Lee," manager Buck Showalter said after the rainout was announced. "We've got another day to look at it to see if there's any drastic improvement."Jake Fox was in the posted lineup for Tuesday night's washout, but left fielder Luke Scott could wind up at first base, depending on what roster moves are made.Lee, off to a slow start offensively, was "very quietly starting to come on," Showalter said. "The one constant he's given us is he's a run reducer (defensively) as much as a run producer."Right-hander Chris Tillman, forced to leave Monday night's start after five scoreless innings because of back stiffness, was OK on Tuesday. The Orioles blew a 6-0 lead after Tillman left and wound up losing 8-7.Showalter said his club would "probably stay in turn" in the rotation the next two games with Britton and Jeremy Guthrie staying in the same order, adding he would use the flight back to Baltimore to talk to pitching coach Mark Connor about what comes after that.Guthrie, set to start the opener of a two-game series with the Yankees on Wednesday night, was sent ahead by the team before last night's game."We might beat Guthrie home," Showalter said. "We put him on a 7 o'clock flight."But the rest of the Orioles were forced to wait some two hours for their charter, which had weather delays.The Orioles, who have already made up one rainout with a home double-header against Texas, also have two others to make up, both against the Yankees. They will host New York in a day-night twinbill Aug. 27. But while the Yankees announced the teams will play a pair in New York July 30, the Orioles have yet to agree on a date. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Teixeira: 'I'll always love Baltimore'Severna Park native on angry fans, charity, O's 'bright future'May 18, 2011|By Luke BroadwaterWhen Yankee first baseman Mark Teixeira takes the field Wednesday night against the Baltimore Orioles, he's returning home and entering enemy territory. A Mt. St. Joseph graduate, Teixeira, 31, is a native of Severna Park. But his hometown roots only served to anger fans when he signed with New York, a team O's fans dub the "evil empire." In an interview with b, Teixeira talked about his acrimonious relationship with local fans, the best place to get a crab cake and his charity work. You've been involved with charities in Atlanta, Baltimore and now East Harlem, where you pledged $1 million to help Harlem RBI, a baseball and academics program, build a facility for DREAM Charter School. What do you find rewarding about working with Harlem RBI?  var adSkipCounter = 0; The kids that we help, we're really changing their lives. A lot of them grow up in very tough situations at home and at school. A lot of these kids wouldn't have the opportunity to succeed if it wasn't for Harlem RBI. There's a high school player at John Carroll named K.J. Hockaday who is challenging your MIAA single-season home run record of 29. Have you been following that? [Hockaday broke the record shortly after this interview.]I was unaware my record still stood. I'd be excited if somebody broke it. That'd be neat. You've been known as a slow starter. But this season you've started out fast, on pace for close to 40 home runs. To what do you attribute that? A lot of it is my workout routine. I always lift weights very heavy and spend a lot of time in the weight room. I think because of that I start the season a little stiff, a little tight and maybe even a little tired because of the extra work I put in. What I did this spring training was lower my amount of time in the weight room, and increase my amount of time in the batting cage and I think that really helped. Do you think you were too muscle-bound when you started previous seasons? A little bit. It's kind of a double-edged sword. It allows me to stay strong all year, which is great, and I always end up having great second halves. It holds me back in the beginning of the year. I'm trying to find that balance this year where I can get off to a good start but also stay strong throughout the season. What do you think of the O's this season?We have a very difficult division. I really like their young players that are coming up. They have a lot of talent that's producing at the big league level right now, and I hear some of their guys in the minor leagues are also ready to break out and be stars in the future. The Orioles definitely have a bright future. Which Orioles pitcher are Yankees hitters most worried about facing? We faced Zach Britton twice in spring training and I was really impressed. I know he's a young kid and he's already done real well at the big league level. The guy I would keep my eye on as a possible 20-game winner, a possible Cy Young candidate in the future, is Zach Britton. Baltimore fans accused you of turning your back when you signed with the Yankees in '09. Has that relationship improved with time? I'm a Baltimore guy. I've always loved Baltimore and always will love Baltimore, but baseball is baseball, and when you're playing on the opposing team, you're going to get booed. The day I stop getting booed in opposing parks, I'm probably on the bench and not playing that well. At the same time, it's unfortunate that some Oriole fans take it personal that I didn't sign with the Orioles. Of the five offers I received, the Orioles were by far the lowest offer and I don't know if they were ever that serious about signing me. We had one meeting and that was it. I'm not sure if they were ever very interested. Do you ever see yourself becoming an Oriole in the future? I'm going to end my career as a Yankee. I'm only in the third year of this contract. It's an eight-year contract. I love being a Yankee and it's hard not to. It's a special place to play. I know you're a big reader. What are you reading right now and what are your favorite baseball books? I just finished Mickey Mantle's book, "The Last Boy." I really enjoy reading biographies and books about figures in America who really transformed culture and were really iconic figures. I really enjoyed Joe DiMaggio's book, "A Hero's Life," and Lou Gehrig's book, "The Luckiest Man." When you're back in Maryland, where's your favorite place to eat? Being from Baltimore, I'm a crab cake snob and I'm very particular on where I eat my crab cakes. To me, G&M;'s is the best you can get in the area. I'm looking forward to having crabs over my parents' house. You sit on the back porch on a nice night. Put the newspaper out on the table and just crack crabs for three or four hours and hang out with my family and friends. I love being able to reach out to my Baltimore fans. I think they have an interesting relationship with me. I hope they know it's not personal. It's the way it is. I'll always love Baltimore. It's always going to be my home. Luke Broadwater is managing editor at b. Email him at luke@bthesite.com or follow him on Twitter, @lukebroadwater.      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Which is the toughest division in baseball?May 18, 2011Still the AL EastPhil RogersChicago TribuneThere are going to be some fascinating races this season.The NL East shapes us as a genuine three-team battle between the Phillies, Braves and Marlins.But the best division in baseball is still the one where teams spend the most money — the AL East. It's such a good division that the Yankees' $203 million payroll does not guarantee them a spot in the playoffs. var adSkipCounter = 0; The Rays' young pitching is a real threat to the Yankees and Red Sox in terms of the East title, and the strength of the Blue Jays and Orioles could make it hard for the East runner-up to pile up victories, meaning the wild card might be found elsewhere.The East has advanced two teams 12 of 16 seasons in the wild-card era, but this year it might be too strong for its own good.progers@tribune.comNo change at topJoseph MoskowitzMorning CallThe mix of the old-school baseball persona and new-school raw power makes the AL East the toughest division in baseball — still. The Yankees and Red Sox haven't had stellar starts, but with Cy Young-caliber pitching and power at nearly every spot in the lineup, it is only a matter of time before the two ticking-time bombs explode.The Rays lead the division behind the arm of James Shields and the surprising bat of Matt Joyce. Even traditional lightweights — the Orioles and Blue Jays — are pulling their weight. The O's are flirting with .500; and the Jays are battling the Yanks and Sox for second place.None of these teams likely will hold baseball's best record at season's end, but that's only because the division is so tough.jmoskowitz@tribune.comNL East topsDom AmoreHartford CourantIf starting pitching is baseball's most important element, then one might begin and end this debate with Roy Halladay, Cliff Lee, Josh Johnson and Jair Jurrjens. Why wait for Johan Santana and Stephen Strasburg to get healthy?The NL East is baseball's best division at the moment. Its teams are 55-36 outside the division — even the Mets are 8-8. The AL East, the perennial favorite here, has not yet lived up to its 2011 billing. Its teams are 62-54 against the other divisions, but the Red Sox's tough start indicates that the East might not be as dominant as it has been in past years.In the NL East, the Phillies have established a fearsome foursome in Halladay, Lee, Cole Hamels and Roy Oswalt. Yet they hardly are running away with the division — so good are the Braves and Marlins. This is going to be MLB's toughest race.damore@tribune.comWhere the money isMike DiGiovannaLos Angeles TimesThe offensive firepower of the Yankees and Red Sox and the superior rotation of the Rays make the American League East the toughest division in baseball, though the National League East, with excellent teams in the Phillies, Marlins and Braves, is gaining ground.What gives the AL East the edge is the seemingly endless financial resources of the Yankees and Red Sox. The fact the Rays won the division last season and held a three-game lead over the Yankees and Red Sox entering Tuesday's games is a testament to their pitching and resourcefulness.The AL East might also go four-deep this season with an improved Blue Jays team that entered Tuesday night with a 21-20 record.mdigiovanna@tribune.com     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Randolph Wants Another Chance    On Baseball  By                       TYLER KEPNER   MAY 19, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BALTIMOREFor years he was a fixture of the Subway Series, coaching the Yankees or managing the Mets. Willie Randolph, an alumnus of Tilden High in Brooklyn, belonged there. His first Beltway series, this weekend between the Baltimore Orioles and the Washington Nationals, will not feel the same.For Randolph, though, it is exactly the right place to be. His preference would be to manage again, as he did for three and a half years with the Mets. Failing that, his job as Buck Showalter’s bench coach with Baltimore is the next best thing, a learning laboratory for a baseball lifer always trying to grow.“Certain managers see things, and certain guys see everything — Buck sees everything,” Randolph said Thursday, beside the coaches’ room at Camden Yards. “But that’s good, because it teaches you how to see things.”The job returns Randolph to his coaching roots, reuniting him with Showalter, who managed the Yankees when Randolph first became a coach, in 1994. Randolph, who was fired by the Mets in June 2008, spent the last two seasons as Ken Macha’s bench coach with the Milwaukee Brewers. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Brewers had interviewed Randolph before hiring Macha, who was dismissed after two losing seasons. Randolph has not interviewed for any other managerial openings since the Mets let him go. But, at 56, he said he would not be coaching unless he aspired to get back.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s almost like a curse for a manager, because once you’ve had a taste of that — I’m not saying I can’t do what I’m doing, but it’s tougher, because you still have your own ideas, you still have your own mind-set, you still have a feel of how you would do things,” Randolph said.“You’re loyal to the people you work for, but you still itch and burn,” Randolph added. “I’ve always been a competitor, and I talk to my guys about competition and how you want to be the best. For me, you want to get back to that, because I know I’m going to be better, and I know that I’ll be able to get more out of my players than I did the first time because of the experience.”Randolph was rarely so self-reflective as the Mets’ manager, when he was reluctant to acknowledge mistakes. He is justifiably proud of his 302-253 record, and offered no specifics on what he would have done differently. Photo       Willie Randolph had a 302-253 record with the Mets.  Credit             Barton Silverman/ The New York Times           But he said he had second-guessed himself — “little regrets, not big regrets” — and had thought often about situations he could have handled better. The apprenticeship under Showalter, he believes, will be invaluable.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “There’s stuff he’ll bring up that I might have missed that I didn’t think was important, but when you think about it, it is important,” Randolph said. “All that stuff is really intriguing for me, because I’m learning something new. That’s why I keep saying growth, growth, growth, because no matter who you are — or who you think you are — in this game, everyone has room for growth if you open your mind to it.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Randolph signed for only one year; he said he wanted to evaluate his future after every season to see how he fits on a staff. He positions the Orioles’ defense, instructs the infielders and advises Showalter on in-game decisions. He also tries to impart a winning mind-set to an organization with 13 losing seasons in a row. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Showalter built playoff teams with the Yankees and the Arizona Diamondbacks, and helped the Texas Rangers improve by 18 games from his first season to his second. In Randolph, he said, he has an advocate who can speak to players bluntly and command respect.“He’s been in 11 World Series, did you know that?” Showalter said. “It’s quite a résumé. His words resonate with the players. There’s no downside to him.”The Orioles are in last place in the American League East, but they were only five games from first at the start of play on Thursday. They have held their own in the rugged division under Showalter, going 21-23 against Tampa Bay, the Yankees, Boston and Toronto since he was hired last August.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Showalter hired a new coaching staff in November, with another former manager, John Russell, as third-base coach and just one rookie coach, the former outfielder Wayne Kirby. The Orioles’ future depends largely on the development of their young pitchers, but center fielder Adam Jones, a centerpiece of the lineup, said Randolph’s attitude could only help.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Him and Kirby, they bring that toughness to the field,” Jones said. “That mentality that it’s O.K. to not succeed? It’s not O.K., not with them. Every inning, every pitch, they want to stomp on the other team’s throat, and I’m the same way.”Randolph did some stomping with the Mets, falling one game shy of the 2006 World Series. As he tries to nurture Showalter’s Orioles, he waits for another chance.“You have to be patient in this world of sports,” Randolph said. “It’s tough, man. Everyone hopes to get a shot, and when you get your shot, you hope to sustain that. If you don’t, then you hope to get back on that wheel quick.”  A version of this article appears in print on May 20, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Randolph Wants Another Chance.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                     On Baseball A regular analytical column looking at major league baseball.                                          Seeing Noah Syndergaard’s Injury Coming at 100 M.P.H.             MAY 1                                         In Early Going, the Yankees Steal the Mets’ Thunder             APR 28                                         Homer-Hitting Mets Can Blast, but Fail to Bloop             APR 23                                         Daniel Murphy’s Keen Eye Bolsters a Nationals Pillar             APR 21                                         As Pirates’ Starling Marte Begins Suspension, Mets’ Jeurys Familia Returns             APR 19       See More »       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 4, Orioles 1                                                             For Yankees, Start and Finish Make Up for What’s Between  By BEN SHPIGELMAY 19, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BALTIMORE — Hector Noesi woke up Wednesday as an untested rookie who had spent 16 days with the Yankees without throwing a pitch. He walked off the mound at Camden Yards early Thursday as their savior, the symbol of a brilliant effort by a short-handed bullpen.Used more out of circumstance than preference in his major league debut, Noesi rescued a feeble offense by pitching three scoreless innings. When the Yankees scored three runs in the top of the 15th, en route to a 4-1 victory against the Baltimore Orioles, Noesi returned to pitch the bottom half and delivered a fourth. After retiring J. J. Hardy to end the game at 12:05 a.m. Thursday, 4 hours 56 minutes after Derek Jeter grounded Zach Britton’s first pitch up the middle, Noesi was the center of attention.Manager Joe Girardi presented him with the lineup card, a keepsake from his first career win, in his first career game. Robinson Cano, who ripped the go-ahead two-run double, came over and said, “Now, you owe me dinner.” Asked if he would follow through, the 24-year-old Noesi turned serious. “Of course,” he said.The superb relief work negated what would have been a deflating loss, after Mariano Rivera’s blown save wasted Bartolo Colon’s best start of the season, and after the Yankees stranded 14 runners, including five between the 12th and 13th innings. For a team with $20 million of bullpen help convalescing on the disabled list, the game unfolded just as the Yankees would hope. Pitching eight shutout innings, Colon, in effect, acted as his own set-up man, and handed a one-run lead to Rivera. Photo       Bartolo Colon threw eight shutout innings against Baltimore, but the game went to extra innings.   Credit             Greg Fiume/Getty Images           “It was a tremendous game,” Rivera said. “Only my participation wasn’t good.”His second straight blown save against the Orioles set into motion a seemingly endless supply of substitutions and missed opportunities, sparkling defensive plays and quirky moments — like A. J. Burnett’s appearance as a pinch-runner. His services were needed after Mike Gonzalez hit Chris Dickerson on the head with a pitch, drilling him with so much force that his helmet cracked. Dickerson fell in a heap, but never lost consciousness, Girardi said. He went to the University of Maryland Hospital with the head trainer Gene Monahan for a C.T. scan, and Girardi said he suspects that Dickerson has a concussion. If so, the Yankees can replace him for seven days, after baseball in March established a shorter disabled list for concussed players. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Dickerson entered in the bottom of the ninth, as a defensive replacement for Nick Swisher — or just as the bullpen battle began. For eight innings, Colon flustered the Orioles, firing strike after strike after strike, his efficiency matched only by his command. His most impressive moment was not the eighth-inning strikeout of Robert Andino, which stranded the tying run on third, but an act of self-preservation, when he speared a rocket by Hardy, then whirled to double Matt Wieters off first. Of all the adjectives one could summon to describe Colon, nimble would rank far down the list, perhaps just ahead of waifish. But Girardi has remarked that Colon, like C. C. Sabathia, is deceptively athletic and moves rather well for his size.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  At 87 pitches, Colon had the stamina to come out for the ninth. But Girardi called on Rivera because, as he said, he has Rivera. “It’s not automatic,” Girardi said, “But it is Mariano Rivera.” After Vladimir Guerrero drove in the tying run on a sacrifice fly, Girardi was left with four relievers. He vowed not to use Joba Chamberlain, who had worked the last three nights, and Dave Robertson had pitched in three of four games, usually grounds for an automatic day off. His options were Boone Logan, Luis Ayala, and two right-handers, Amaury Sanit and Noesi, who began the season with Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.Ayala pitched a scoreless 10th, and in the 11th, the Orioles loaded the bases with one out, on an intentional walk and two sharply hit infield singles, the second of which produced a game-saving play by Mark Teixeira. Alex Rodriguez dived to his left to stop a grounder by Guerrero and, with hardly a play on him, popped to his knees and decided to throw to first, anyway. “Make a play, like Brett Favre,” Rodriguez said, describing his thought process. “At that point, you’ve got to go crazy.” Photo       Alex Rodriguez, who went 4 for 7, scoring on Robinson Cano's two-run double in the 15th.  Credit             Nick Wass/Associated Press           Go crazy he did. The throw tailed wide of first base, but Teixeira ranged over and scooped it, keeping Felix Pie at third base. “It’s 100 percent skill,” Teixeira said, smiling.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In came Logan, who got Luke Scott to chase a slider before inducing a fly out from Matt Wieters. After Derek Jeter grounded out with runners on second and third to end the top of the 12th, Noesi trotted in from the center-field bullpen, preparing for his first appearance since May 8. He did not even remember the last time he pitched, when asked afterward, saying only that he wanted to make good on a promise to his family in the Dominican Republic. When he was recalled for the first time, back on April 13, Noesi told them that he would strike out the first hitter. That he did, flinging a slider past J.J. Hardy, then another one past Mark Reynolds. He loaded the bases, but pitched out of the jam, and as the innings went by, he grew more and more comfortable. “It felt like nobody was on base,” Noesi said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Anytime a guy comes out and throws first-pitch strike, second-pitch strike and has never pitched before, that’s impressive,” Girardi said.Noesi is a starter by trade who was called up to add bullpen depth, to serve as a long reliever, as a last resort. Girardi knew Noesi could throw as many as 90 pitches, and he finished with 66, benefiting from a dose of luck when in the 15th Wieters’s one-out grounder toward the hole struck Brandon Snyder, an automatic out. On the next pitch, Hardy popped out to Eduardo Nunez, and the Yankees, after arriving at 3 a.m. from Florida, could rest easily. If all players remember their major league debuts, then Noesi is no different.But, Girardi added, “It’s one he won’t want to forget, that’s for sure.”  A version of this article appears in print on May 19, 2011, on Page B13 of the New York edition with the headline: For Yankees, Start and Finish Make Up for What’s Between.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Zach Britton delivers during the third inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, May 18, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreA rough night for the Baltimore Orioles ended with a horrid 15th inning in which Mike Gonzalez hit a batter in the head, Jeremy Guthrie was thrust into a reliever's role and rookie Brandon Snyder was called out for being struck by a batted ball.It all added up to a 4-1 defeat to the New York Yankees on Wednesday."Our entire bullpen pitched well tonight," Orioles closer Kevin Gregg said. "But unfortunately, things went awry in that last inning."After allowing a two-run double to Robinson Cano in the 15th, Gonzalez struck Chris Dickerson in the head with a fastball. Gonzalez was immediately ejected, and Dickerson remained motionless on the ground for several minutes.After being helped to his feet, Dickerson — who had borrowed teammate Jorge Posada's batting helmet after his was cracked by the pitch — walked to first base before leaving the game.Dickerson was taken to a hospital for a CT scan."He was lucid and he knew where he was. He had a lump on his head," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "You have to do everything precautionary now. We're just making sure he's OK. It's standard operating procedure."Gonzalez insisted that the pitch was not thrown intentionally inside."No way, shape or form was I trying to hit Dickerson or anything like that," he said. "In fact, I was trying to throw a fastball down and away. It got away from me and I'm sorry it hit him."Alex Rodriguez had a season-high four hits for the Yankees, whose only run before the 15th was an unearned tally in the fourth.Mark Teixeira led off the 15th with a single off Jeremy Accardo (2-1). Rodriguez followed with a single, and Cano hit a liner to right-center that Adam Jones bobbled, allowing Cano to take third.Gonzalez then hit Dickerson. With Baltimore out of relief pitchers, Guthrie — the scheduled starter for Thursday — came in and gave up a sacrifice fly to Brett Gardner.New York's Hector Noesi (1-0) worked four innings in his major league debut, allowing two hits and walking three.In the bottom of the 15th, Baltimore got the first two batters on. But the uprising was short-circuited when Snyder was struck by a grounder off the bat of Matt Wieters, an automatic out."I tried to get out of the way and the ball just felt like it chased me," Snyder said.It was the longest game of the season for both teams, and the longest for the Orioles at home since a 17-inning affair against Philadelphia in 2003. The game lasted 4 hours, 56 minutes.Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the 11th against Luis Ayala before Boone Logan struck out Luke Scott and retired Wieters on a fly ball. Wieters was a major league-best 15 for 27 with runners in scoring position before the out.Noesi worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the 12th, and the Yankees failed to score against Accardo in the 13th after getting runners at the corners with no outs."We had a lot of people pitch well. You pitch that well, you'd like to take advantage of it," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "I was real proud of our pitching tonight. It's just frustrating because we had so many opportunities there to push that run across."New York starter Bartolo Colon pitched eight innings of three-hit ball and left with a 1-0 lead, but the usually reliable Rivera gave up a run in the ninth to force extra innings. It was his third blown save in 16 tries — the second against Baltimore.Singles by Jones and Nick Markakis put runners at the corners with one out in the ninth before Vladimir Guerrero hit a sacrifice fly."We scored off Rivera there in the ninth inning and didn't do much against Colon, that's for sure," Showalter said.Colon struck out seven and walked one. The right-hander, who turns 38 next week, retired 13 straight at one point and ended his performance by striking out the side.Baltimore starter Zach Britton went seven innings, allowing an unearned run, six hits and three walks. He has gone 19 1-3 consecutive innings without yielding an earned run, lowering his ERA to 2.14.In the New York fourth, Rodriguez got a leadoff single and moved to second on a groundout. Orioles second baseman Robert Andino then failed to catch a pickoff throw from Britton, apparently the result of trying to apply the tag before securing the ball. Rodriguez took third, and Nick Swisher followed with a sacrifice fly.NOTES: The Orioles placed INF Cesar Izturis (elbow) on the 15-day DL and recalled INF Brandon Snyder from Triple-A Norfolk. ... Derek Jeter opened the game with a single, his 300th career hit against Baltimore. Jeter started as a DH for only the second time this season. ... Cano has hit in 17 straight games against the Orioles. 
6  Thanks to Dempsey's Army for re-tweeting this from Ball Hogs Radio. Today is the thirteenth anniversary of one of the craziest baseball brawls I've ever seen. As described at Ball Hogs Radio via ESPN.com's list of greatest basebrawls:  After O’s closer Armando Benitez gave up what turned out to be the  game-winning three-run homer to Bernie Williams in the eighth inning, he  took out his frustration on Tino Martinez, drilling him between the  shoulder blades. Yankee pitcher Graeme Lloyd became so incensed at the  spectacle that he raced in from the bullpen to get in a lick at Benitez.  The fight moved toward the O’s dugout, with Darryl Strawberry throwing  what the Baltimore Sun called a "sucker punch" at Benitez, swinging so  hard that he ended up in the Baltimore dugout. Then Alan Mills pounded  Strawberry, bloodying his face.  Here is 47 seconds of brawling goodness:          
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Zach Britton delivers during the third inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, May 18, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreThe New York Yankees survived a very scary moment, a blown save by Mariano Rivera and staggered through 10 straight scoreless innings before pulling away to another victory over the Baltimore Orioles.Robinson Cano doubled in two runs in the 15th inning, and the Yankees needed nearly 5 hours to forge a 4-1 win Wednesday night.After allowing Cano's pivotal hit, Mike Gonzalez struck Chris Dickerson in the head with a fastball. Gonzalez was immediately ejected, and Dickerson remained motionless on the ground for several minutes.After being helped to his feet, Dickerson — who borrowed teammate Jorge Posada's batting helmet after his was cracked by the pitch — walked to first base before leaving the game.Dickerson was taken to a hospital for a CAT scan."He was lucid and he knew where he was. He had a lump on his head," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "You have to do everything precautionary now. We're just making sure he's OK. It's standard operating procedure."Asked if he thought Gonzalez tried to hit Dickerson intentionally, Girardi said, "I don't get into that. It's just a scary part of the game when a guy gets hit there."Gonzalez insisted that the pitch was not thrown intentionally inside."No way, shape or form was I trying to hit Dickerson or anything like that," he said. "In fact, I was trying to throw a fastball down and away. It got away from me and I'm sorry it hit him."The right-hander was surprised about being ejected from the game, but said the moment was almost surreal."It was kind of shocking. I hit him and obviously I get thrown out, and I was more worried about how he was doing down there," Gonzalez said. "First of all, I didn't understand why (he was ejected) and second of all, Dickerson is down there on the ground and that's the last thing you want to see."Alex Rodriguez had a season-high four hits for the Yankees, whose only run before the 15th was an unearned tally in the fourth. New York improved to 5-0 against Baltimore this season.Mark Teixeira led off the 15th with a single off Jeremy Accardo (2-1). Rodriguez followed with a single, and Cano hit a liner to right-center that Adam Jones bobbled, allowing Cano to take third.Gonzalez then hit Dickerson. With Baltimore out of relief pitchers, Jeremy Guthrie — the scheduled starter for Thursday — came in and gave up a sacrifice fly to Brett Gardner.New York's Hector Noesi (1-0) worked four innings in his major league debut, allowing two hits and walking three.It was the longest game of the season for both teams, and the longest for the Orioles at home since a 17-inning affair against Philadelphia in 2003. The game lasted 4 hours, 56 minutes.Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the 11th against Luis Ayala before Boone Logan struck out Luke Scott and retired Matt Wieters on a fly ball. Wieters was a major-league best 15 for 27 with runners in scoring position before the out.Noesi worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the 12th, and the Yankees failed to score against Accardo in the 13th after getting runners at the corners with no outs."It was a great pitcher's duel," Girardi said. "Both teams had a couple of opportunities that got squandered in extra innings, but we got the huge hit from Cano."New York starter Bartolo Colon pitched eight innings of three-hit ball and left with a 1-0 lead, but the usually reliable Rivera gave up a run in the ninth to force extra innings. It was his third blown save in 16 tries — the second against Baltimore.Singles by Jones and Nick Markakis put runners at the corners with one out in the ninth before Vladimir Guerrero hit a sacrifice fly."Anytime a closer blows a save, you usually don't win that game," Girardi said.Colon struck out seven and walked one. The right-hander, who turns 38 next week, retired 13 straight at one point and ended his performance by striking out the side.Baltimore starter Zach Britton went seven innings, allowing an unearned run, six hits and three walks. He has gone 19 1-3 consecutive innings without yielding an earned run, lowering his ERA to 2.14.In the New York fourth, Rodriguez got a leadoff single and moved to second on a groundout. Orioles second baseman Robert Andino then failed to catch a pickoff throw from Britton, apparently the result of trying to apply the tag before securing the ball. Rodriguez took third, and Nick Swisher followed with a sacrifice fly.NOTES: The Orioles placed INF Cesar Izturis (elbow) on the 15-day DL and recalled INF Brandon Snyder from Triple-A Norfolk. ... Derek Jeter opened the game with a single, his 300th career hit against Baltimore. Jeter started as a DH for only the second time this season. ... Cano has hit in 17 straight games against the Orioles. 
0      Supported by    Sunday Book Review  Extra Innings  By MARC TRACYMAY 20, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        If you wanted to write a novel about the redemptive power of America’s pastime, you would imagine a Midwestern cornfield sculptured into a diamond that brought back the dead and healed generational wounds. Then you would remember that this idea has been taken, and instead you would invent the tale of the longest professional game ever played. You would make it a minor league contest, featuring players with mostly faint hopes of getting to the majors; they would absurdly play into the wee hours with no scouts in sight in April’s irrelevant cold. Therefore — and here’s your grand novelistic gesture — they must be persevering for some purpose larger than themselves. It would take place on Easter, the day the dead are reborn, in a decaying Northeastern mill town peopled by working-class Catholics who believe that unimportant things like wafers, wine and baseball can be made holy through faith. If you wished to be really obvious, the game would last 33 innings — one for each of Jesus’ years on earth.Dan Barry, a national columnist for The New York Times, has written this exact novel — except it all really happened. On April 18-19, 1981, the Rochester Red Wings and the Pawtucket Red Sox of the International League — the top farm clubs of the Baltimore Orioles and the Boston Red Sox (teams that would eventually call up the evening’s two starting third basemen, Cal Ripken Jr. and Wade Boggs) — played for 32 innings, tied at 1-1 through 9 and at 2-2 through 21, in Pawtucket, R.I., until 4 a.m., Easter Sunday. (They played the decisive 33rd inning two months later.) Photo        Credit             Photograph Courtesy of The Pawtucket Red Sox           The improbable web of coincidences that made this event possible — most amazingly, the 1981 International League manual inexplicably lacked every other edition’s 12:50 a.m. curfew — becomes credible once you have witnessed the scope of Barry’s reporting. He seems to have talked to every­body: players; Pawtucket’s manager, who was ejected in the 22nd inning after arguing a call, and became a spectator; Rochester’s general manager/announcer; some of the 20 or so fans who stuck it out; a college kid outside Rochester who lay awake listening to the game; a player’s wife; the home-plate umpire; the scorekeeper; the clubhouse attendant.At his best, Barry is an uncle spinning a story by the fire, halting each time a new character enters the narrative to offer a biographical sketch or a telling anecdote. A fifth-inning pop-up prompts a 10-page digression about Boggs and the Pawtucket first baseman, Dave Koza, that is far more memorable than the pop-up’s fate. One ecstatic paragraph lists the 20 starting players’ hometowns, from Brooklyn and Chicago to Uvalde, Tex., and San Cristóbal in the Dominican Republic. But then Barry calls his Whitmanesque catalog “a ballad of bus fumes and ambition,” and indeed, there is too much purple prose and too many clichés. Fortunately, the actual material easily compensates.More than an Easter play, Barry’s pageant resembles a Seder (yes, of course, the game also took place on the first night of Passover). During Seder, Jews are instructed to imagine they themselves were present when Moses freed the slaves — much as the reader is supposed to fancy that he himself shivered in the stands. And like the Seder and its message of freedom, Barry’s heroic conjuring of the past is most persuasive when it honors values that, despite the holiness of the day, do not depend on the sacred. “Why did you keep playing? Why did you stay?” Barry rhetorically asks the players and fans. His reporting has led him to this answer: “Because we are bound by duty. Because we aspire to greater things. Because we are loyal.”Miracles can retain their mystery even after they are explained. “The moon is nearly full,” Barry notes at one point. “Make of this what you will.” BOTTOM OF THE 33RD Hope, Redemption, and Baseball’s Longest Game By Dan Barry Illustrated. 255 pp. Harper/HarperCollins Publishers. $26.99.    Marc Tracy is a staff writer at Tablet magazine. A version of this review appears in print on May 22, 2011, on Page BR21 of the Sunday Book Review with the headline: Extra Innings.  Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Brandon Snyder grimaces after he was hit by a pitch during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Thursday, May 19, 2011, in Baltimore. The Yankees won 13-2. MoreBy the time the Baltimore Orioles were ready for their first crack at CC Sabathia, they were already too far behind to make a game of it.Brad Bergesen gave up five runs to the New York Yankees in the first inning, and the Orioles went quietly in a 13-2 loss Thursday night.Coming off a shutout of the Tampa Bay Rays, Bergesen struggled from the outset. The Yankees took a 2-0 lead after only three batters came to the plate, and Nick Swisher added a three-run double before Bergesen got the third out."For me, it was everything tonight. Just all around, just bad," Bergesen said. "Putting us in a 5-0 hole just made it real tough for us tonight. Just nothing good for me tonight, whatsoever."Bergesen (1-5) allowed eight runs and five hits in 3 1-3 innings. He's 0-4 with a 9.25 ERA in five career starts against New York.Despite his lack of success against New York, his dud of a performance was somewhat surprising after what he did against Tampa Bay only five nights earlier."You'd like to see him take his last outing and run with it. You expect and you're hoping that's the case," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "I've seen him pitch some good games while I've been here for a short time, and I've seen him really struggle. Most of them are the result of his command of his fastball. He wasn't good enough. He knows that."Sabathia (4-3) scattered seven hits over eight shutout innings, striking out nine and walking none. The left-hander is 2-0 against the Orioles this season, 16-2 lifetime and 10-1 at Camden Yards.Mark Teixeira and Eduardo Nunez homered for the Yankees, whose 14 hits included three doubles, three triples and two home runs.Swisher drove in four runs and Jorge Posada, starting at first base for the first time since 2008, walked twice and had a run-scoring double.New York completed a two-game sweep and improved to 6-0 against Baltimore."We got the quick five runs," manager Joe Girardi noted. "We needed to give the bullpen the night off — and that's what CC did for us."Amaury Sanit gave up two runs in the ninth, on an RBI double by Mark Reynolds and a run-scoring groundout by Jake Fox.The game was all but decided in the first inning. After Derek Jeter led off with a double and scored on a triple by Curtis Granderson, Teixeira hit a run-scoring groundout. Two outs later, Bergesen hit Robinson Cano with a pitch above the knee, and Cano wore a look of disgust as he walked to first base.It was the second time in two innings that a Baltimore pitcher plunked a Yankees batter. In the 15th inning Wednesday night, Chris Dickerson was struck in the head by a fastball from Mike Gonzalez.After hitting Cano, Bergesen issued two straight walks before Swisher cleared the bases with a liner that left fielder Felix Pie got a glove on but couldn't hold.In the bottom half, Sabathia got two quick outs before hitting Nick Markakis in the back with a pitch. Home plate umpire Larry Vanover promptly warned both sides that the next pitcher to throw at a batter would be ejected."It just got away from me — a fastball that got away," Sabathia said. "I always pitch him in. That's one of those things."Vladimir Guerrero followed with a single to put runners on the corners, but Sabathia got Adam Jones to hit into a fielder's choice.New York used a four-run fourth to make it 9-0. Swisher walked before Brett Gardner and Jeter hit successive triples to chase Bergesen. One out later, Teixeira hit a towering two-run homer off Chris Jakubauskas.Nunez homered for the first time this season in the ninth with a man on against Troy Patton.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed by rain for 48 minutes. ... Dickerson was rested Thursday but hoped to play Friday against the Mets. He had a headache and said a CT scan revealed a concussion. ... Jakubauskas and Patton were recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game. The moves coincided with Derrek Lee (oblique) and Brian Roberts (concussion) being placed on the DL. After the game, the Orioles optioned Jakubauskas to Norfolk. ... Cano has an 18-game hitting streak against Baltimore. 
3 View photosWashington Nationals' Jayson Werth (28) celebrates his home run with teammate Michael Morse (38) during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Friday, May 20, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreJeremy Guthrie pitched seven solid innings to win for the first time since opening day, and Nolan Reimold's two-run homer keyed a four-run third inning as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 8-3 on Saturday.Guthrie (2-6) allowed just two unearned runs and hadn't won in his past seven starts. He came in with the poorest run support of any American League starter. The Orioles, who ended a four-game losing streak, hadn't scored while he was on the mound in his previous three starts.He allowed two unearned runs in the third inning when first baseman Brandon Snyder booted a ball that Laynce Nix hit. Guthrie allowed five hits, striking out four and walking one.The Orioles scored four runs off John Lannan (2-5) in the third. Lannan, who hasn't won in his last six starts, gave up six runs in six-plus innings, allowing a season-high nine hits. Lannan struck out six and walked one.Washington took a brief 2-0 lead in the third when Jerry Hairston singled with one out. With two outs, Ian Desmond hit a ground-rule double. Nix grounded to first, but the ball went off Snyder's glove, and both runners scored.Baltimore took a 4-2 lead off Lannan in the third. Reimold hit a two-run homer to left — his first after being recalled Friday from Triple-A Norfolk. With two outs, Adam Jones bunted for a base hit. Nick Markakis singled to left, and with Jones tearing around second, Nix mishandled the ball for an error, allowing Jones to score. Markakis scored on Vladimir Guerrero's RBI single.The Orioles added four more in the seventh on Robert Andino's RBI double and run-scoring singles by Markakis, Matt Wieters and J.J. Hardy.Jim Johnson worked the eighth and Koji Uehara allowed a run in the ninth on Wilson Ramos' sacrifice fly.Notes: The Orioles reinstated RHP Alfredo Simon from the restricted list. Simon, who has been charged with involuntary manslaughter in the Dominican Republic, will work out of the bullpen. ... INF Cesar Izturis was transferred from the 15-day to 60-day disabled list. ... 2B Brian Roberts, on the seven-day disabled list with a concussion, has not resumed physical activity. Roberts said he still has headaches, and is unsure about when he might return. "It's not life and death, but when it comes to baseball right now, today it's not great," Roberts said. ... RHP Jason Berken who was sent to Norfolk by Baltimore on Friday, will start on Tuesday for the Tides, manager Buck Showalter said. ... Willie Randolph coached third base for the Orioles. John Russell, normally the third base coach, had an injection in a knee. ... Washington 1B Adam LaRoche singled in the second inning to break an 0-for-26 streak. ... Wieters has a 10-game hitting streak. ... Hardy's single broke an 0-for-23 slump. ... Guerrero had his career-high seventh straight multihit game. 
3 The Baltimore Orioles selected the contract of second baseman Ryan Adams and recalled outfielder Nolan Reimold from Triple-A Norfolk for their interleague game against the Washington Nationals on Friday night.After the Orioles' 17-5 loss, reliever Jason Berken was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk. Berken allowed six runs in an inning against Washington.The 24-year-old Adams was in the starting lineup and went 1 for 4 with a run scored while batting ninth in his major league debut. He was hitting .303 with two homers and eight RBIs for Norfolk.Reimold was batting .237 with six homers and 22 RBIs.Left-hander Troy Patton was designated for assignment by the Orioles before Friday's game. Patton and right-hander Chris Jakubauskas, who was optioned to Norfolk after Thursday's 13-0 loss to the New York Yankees, both pitched in the lopsided defeat.Jakubauskas and Patton had replaced first baseman Derrek Lee (strained left oblique) and second baseman Brian Roberts (concussion) on the roster Thursday. Lee went on the 15-day disabled list and Roberts was placed on baseball's new seven-day DL for concussion-related symptoms. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Alfredo Simon 'happy' to return to OriolesRight-hander, reportedly to stand trial, moves from baseball's restricted list to team's bullpenMay 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunEven when he was imprisoned for two months as the chief suspect in a fatal New Year's Day shooting in his native Dominican Republic, Orioles reliever Alfredo Simon was confident that this day would come. Simon was activated from major league baseball's restricted list Saturday and was in the bullpen for the Orioles' afternoon game against the Washington Nationals. "Right now, I feel really happy I'm back with my teammates," said Simon, who went 1-0 with a 3.38 ERA in three rehabilitation starts for Double-A Bowie. "I'm here to help my team win some games." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Standing in front of his locker before the game, Simon said he wouldn't take questions about his legal issues and would talk only about baseball, even though the situation might not be behind him. Last week, the Associated Press in the Dominican Republic reported that the 30-year-old will stand trial. However, uncertainty remains, especially within the organization, because Simon hasn't been charged. Regardless, Simon said his focus will be on baseball and helping an Orioles team badly in need of stability and innings from a battered relief corps. In the four games before Saturday's, the bullpen has allowed 22 earned runs in 221/3 innings Asked whether it will be tough to deal with off-the-field distractions, Simon said: "I'm concentrating. My mind is clear, and every time I go out there, I'm going to do my job." Orioles manager Buck Showalter said the club has talked to Simon and is confident that he'll be able to focus on his responsibilities. "I don't have that concern at this point. I think he's ready to go," Showalter said. "He's been pitching pretty well over there, feels good physically and basically got through the spring training period. He provides something that we need, lengthwise." Showalter was asked whether he felt that Simon was grateful for this opportunity and understands that his actions will be under scrutiny. The manager said, "My initial impressions are yes, but we'll see." Simon has been greeted warmly by his teammates. He spent a long time before Saturday's game talking to fellow reliever Michael Gonzalez, who has been one of Simon's more vocal supporters. "I feel happy because my teammates, they recognized me. Nothing changed," Simon said. "These are my teammates, and they like me. I love them, too. I'm happy." However, Simon also knows fans' reaction to his presence will likely be significantly different. "I know the fans are going to say a lot of things and whatever, but I'm not going to listen to them," he said. "I'm going to do my thing, the thing that I like. I'm going to take the ball and just do my job, do my thing." Simon, whom the Orioles signed as a minor league free agent in 2008, went 4-2 with a 4.93 ERA and 17 saves in 49 relief appearances last season. Looking for rotation depth, the Orioles stretched out Simon as a starter after he got his visa issues worked out and reported to extended spring training in early April. In three rehab starts for Bowie, Simon allowed six earned runs and 14 hits, walked five and struck out 17 in 16 innings. He pitched six shutout innings against Richmond in his final minor league outing Tuesday. Orioles officials still consider him an option for the rotation, but their immediate need is in the bullpen and they plan to use Simon as a long reliever for the time being. "Whatever they want me to do, I'll do," Simon said. "I can be a starter because all my career, I've been a starter, so it's not going to bother me. Right now, my arm feels strong. I'm ready to go. … I've got major league stuff, and I know when I was ready, they were going to bring me over here." jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Roberts calls concussion symptoms 'certainly concerning'Second baseman unlikely to be ready to play when eligible to come off DL TuesdayMay 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunIn his first comments since going on the seven-day disabled list with concussion symptoms, second baseman Brian Roberts said his latest health issues are "certainly concerning" and casted doubt that he'll be able to return to the Orioles' lineup this week. "It's not life and death, but when it comes to baseball right now, today it's not great," said Roberts, who missed the final six games of last season with a concussion, the symptoms lingering well into the offseason. "From talking to some doctors that deal with concussions a lot, I think we can get our arms around it and I think that we can fix the problem. We can do things to hopefully make it better quicker. I don't think it's going to be anything that lasts like last year at all. But it's not fun right now." Roberts is eligible to come off the disabled list Tuesday, but he hasn't done any physical activities since he started to get headaches Monday, making it very unlikely that he'll be available at that point. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "We originally had hopes he would play Tuesday, and you hold out hope he'll be able to play then," manager Buck Showalter said. "But I also know the reality of some of the diagnoses. Talking to him today, some of the headaches have gone away, which is a good sign." Roberts said he started getting the headaches after he slid headfirst while beating out an infield single in the first inning of the Orioles' loss to the Boston Red Sox on Monday. His head never hit the ground, but he was told by doctors that the jarring and whiplash effect can produce the same impact as if he had actually hit his head. After the play, Roberts' headaches got progressively worse to the point where he had trouble sleeping. "The sleeping has gotten better," said Roberts, who is consulting with the same concussion specialist he dealt with last winter. "It's just almost like a car-sick or motion-sickness feeling sometimes, some headaches and stuff. I'm going to clear up the symptoms and get back out there as soon as possible." Roberts was again asked whether, when he returns, he'll alter his style of play. The second baseman, who was limited to 59 games last season because of a herniated disk in his back and the concussion, missed time in spring training after a headfirst slide into first in a Grapefruit League game against the New York Yankees. "I play the game with instinct," he said. "Obviously, after this, there might be things. … I just never knew or dreamed that sliding headfirst would cause something like this. I always assumed that I'd have to actually have a head collision of some sort in order to experience these sorts of things again. So once I get back on the field, there might be things, like I said. If I don't slide headfirst into first, then I won't slide headfirst into first. I guess it's one of those things I learned in a way that I didn't really want to learn." Berken will start Hoping to help struggling right-hander Jason Berken regain both his confidence and command, the Orioles will allow him to start in the minor leagues. Berken, who was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk on Friday night after he surrendered six earned runs to the Washington Nationals in one inning, raising his ERA to 7.94, will start for the Tides on Tuesday. He was a starter coming up through the minors, but he has pitched the previous two seasons out of the bullpen. "I was talking to him last night, and he said this is the best he's felt. I'll tell you what, he may be too strong," said Showalter who pointed out that Berken's velocity Friday was 92 to 95 mph. "I do think he needs to get the ball and pitch multiple innings. He's not going to necessarily come back here as a one-inning guy either. I don't think there's really a downside to him pitching multiple innings because one of the challenges that we've had, we have a lot of guys in the bullpen who are one-inning pitchers. That's tough to do in the American League if your starters are struggling." Showalter stopped short of saying this will be a permanent role change for the 27-year-old who made 24 starts for the Orioles in 2009, going 6-12 with a 6.54 ERA. "He could come back either way," Showalter said. "He may be able to go back and start, but this way, initially, it's about what is best for him and the team for when he comes back. I think the innings will be nothing but good for him. I expect him to come back and help us." Matusz shines for Bowie Brian Matusz appears ready for his 2011 big league debut. The 24-year-old lefty pitched six scoreless innings for Double-A Bowie against Erie on Saturday, allowing three hits and a walk while striking out one. In two rehabilitation stats -- his first was for Single-A Frederick -- Matusz has allowed one run on five hits and three walks while striking out three over 10 innings.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Before Turner’s Hot Start, a Few Had Faith in Him  By DAVID WALDSTEINMAY 22, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Justin Turner knocked in a run Saturday for the seventh game in a row to establish a team record for rookies in the Mets’ 7-3 loss to the Yankees.It was a rewarding accomplishment for all the people who supported Turner during his professional career and maintained faith in his ability. One of his biggest boosters has been Ken Oberkfell, the Mets’ bench coach and Turner’s manager at Class AAA Buffalo last year.But of all the people who fought on Turner’s behalf, perhaps no one has done more than Wayne Krivsky, a baseball executive who essentially acquired Turner three times for three teams.“I owe some of my success here to him for having so much faith in me,” the 26-year-old Turner said before the game. “He’s been in there fighting for me a lot. It makes you really appreciate his support.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Krivsky, now a scout for the Mets, was the general manager of the Cincinnati Reds when they drafted Turner out of Cal State Fullerton in the seventh round of the 2007 draft. Krivsky was fired in 2008 and hired by the Baltimore Orioles to be a special assistant to Andy MacPhail, the team’s president for baseball operations. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “I was there about a week or two and Andy said they had a trade going with the Reds,” Krivsky recalled. “He asked me to recommend some names, and Justin’s was one of them.” Photo       Justin Turner established a team record for rookies with an R.B.I. in his seventh consecutive game.   Credit             Uli Seit for The New York Times           MacPhail listened to Krivsky and picked up Turner, along with Ryan Freel and Brandon Waring, for Ramon Hernandez. The Orioles then lost faith, but Krivsky did not.Two years later, Krivsky was a special assistant to Omar Minaya, then the Mets’ general manager, when the Orioles designated Turner for assignment.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Krivsky made the case once again. Turner was taken off waivers and sent to Class AAA Buffalo. It was the third time Krivsky had gotten his man. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “Justin is the kind of guy that when you see him every day, you really appreciate how well he can play the game,” Krivsky said. “He’s a heady ball player and managers love him. He can hit to all fields and he plays very well defensively at a few positions.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Krivsky’s faith has finally been repaid as Turner has gone on an unprecedented tear. With a two-out single and a run batted in in the first inning Saturday, he passed Ron Swoboda’s previous Mets rookie mark of six straight games with an R.B.I. set in 1965.Turner has hit safely in 11 consecutive games and has 12 R.B.I., including two home runs, over his past seven games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s a tribute to his own dedication and hard work,” Krivsky said. “It’s got nothing to do with me. This kid hung in there and kept battling, and he’s earned everything he’s accomplished so far.”  A version of this article appears in print on May 22, 2011, on Page SP3 of the New York edition with the headline: Before Turner’s Hot Start, A Few Had Faith in Him.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      YANKEES 7, METS 3   Yankees Slug Their Way Past Mets MAY 21, 2011              For All the Talk of Rebuilding, Mets’ Alderson Wants to Win and Win Now MAY 21, 2011          Gary Carter Found to Have Brain Tumors MAY 21, 2011                       
3 View photosWashington Nationals' Danny Espinosa is hit by a pitch during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Sunday, May 21, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreVladimir Guerrero strides around the Baltimore Orioles' clubhouse with a Superman T-shirt. He certainly acted the part Sunday.With the Orioles unable to do much against Jordan Zimmermann for six innings, Guerrero hit a two-run homer in the seventh to give Baltimore a 2-1 win over the Washington Nationals.Through the first six innings, Zimmermann (2-5) was nearly perfect, allowing just two baserunners on a walk and a double in the second inning. He had retired 13 straight.Nick Markakis singled to start the seventh and Guerrero sent an 0-2 curveball into the left-field stands for his fifth home run of the year and a 2-1 Orioles lead."I tried to bounce a curveball and it just hung up a little bit. He got a big barrel on it," Zimmermann said. "He's a tough hitter to pitch to. You just have to mix it up. Throw balls in the dirt, throw high and in. You just have to pretty much mix it up and hope for the best."While Zimmermann hoped for the best, it didn't turn out that way. Guerrero's home run was just the third he has allowed in 54 1-3 innings this season."I was looking for a good pitch to hit and just to make contact, and not for a home run. But I hit it out," Guerrero said through a translator.Orioles manager Buck Showalter credits Guerrero with bringing a great passion for the game to his team."He walks through the door like he's playing his first game in Little League — the zest he has," Showalter said. "He doesn't give you that 'too cool to get excited about something.' He's genuinely excited about coming out and playing every day."Routed 17-5 in the opener Friday night, the Orioles bounced back to take two of three in the Beltway Series.Zimmermann walked Luke Scott with two outs in the second and Mark Reynolds followed with a double to center. After that, the right-hander retired 13 straight before Markakis' single. He allowed four hits in 6 1-3 innings, striking out five and walking one.Guerrero had two or more hits in each of his previous seven games — the longest such streak of his career. But he hadn't homered since April 28. Over the last 11 games, he's raised his average 40 points to .309."Every day I'm feeling a lot better. I'm looking at my videos almost every day and I'm feeling more comfortable," Guerrero said.Jim Johnson (3-1) got the win with a scoreless seventh. Koji Uehara worked the eighth and Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his eighth save in 11 chances.Gregg walked Matt Stairs with one out, then struck out Roger Bernadina as pinch-runner Brian Bixler tried to steal. Matt Wieters threw out Bixler to end the game."Kevin's got great timing to the plate," Wieters said. "So normally if you make a good throw, you are going to have a pretty good chance to get him."Chris Tillman started and pitched five innings for Baltimore, allowing a run and six hits.The Nationals' only run came in the fourth after Jayson Werth led off with a double. Wilson Ramos walked and, with one out, Tillman hit Danny Espinosa with a pitch. With two outs, Alex Cora hit a ball off Tillman's right leg for an infield single that scored Werth.Bernadina flied out to end the inning.While the Orioles offered no run support for Tillman, he was fortunate to leave with only a single run against him. Washington was 1 for 8 with runners in scoring position while he was in the game.NOTES: Nationals manager Jim Riggleman was ejected in the first inning when Bernadina, the leadoff batter, was called out for making contact with the ball outside the batter's box. Bernadina had reached first on a bunt. "I didn't even have an argument. I was just irritated that the call was made," Riggleman said. "The call was right but it's a call you never see get made." ... Washington 1B Adam LaRoche was out of the lineup with a sore left shoulder. He's in a 1-for-29 slump. Riggleman said LaRoche would be checked out Monday. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz, on the disabled list all season because of a strained rib cage muscle, threw 70 pitches in six innings for Double-A Bowie on Saturday. Matusz will throw again Tuesday. Showalter hinted that Matusz would make another rehab start before he's activated. ... Wieters' 10-game hitting streak ended. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Chris Tillman and Orioles' other starters haven't gone deepMay 23, 2011|By Matt VenselWhen Orioles starter Chris Tillman left Sunday’s game against the Nationals, he had surrendered just one earned run. It was the fourth time in five starts and the fifth time this season that the 23-year-old right-hander had allowed one run or fewer, but he labored all afternoon and could only give the Orioles five innings.That has been a reoccurring theme for Tillman as he continues to develop at the major-league level.He has given up two earned runs total in his past three starts, lowering his ERA from 7.16 on May 5 to 4.95. But he has made just three quality starts in 2011 -- quality starts are earned when a starter goes at least six innings and allows three or fewer earned runs -- a trend that has played a role in the taxation the Orioles bullpen.Led by Zach Britton and Jake Arrieta with seven apiece, the Orioles have 25 quality starts in 45 opportunities, which puts them right smack in the middle of the major-league pack. var adSkipCounter = 0; The Phillies’ starters lead the majors with 33.It’s not all Tillman’s fault -- Brad Bergesen has made only two quality starts -- but his inability to go deep brings to light the struggles of the entire rotation. The Orioles bullpen has pitched 154 innings this season, the third-highest total in baseball, and its 5.38 ERA ranks 29th among major-league bullpens.The return of Brian Matusz should help in this area. He might be the team’s best starter and his presence will mean that Tillman or Bergesen will be relegated to the bullpen or the minors.Despite his high pitch counts and early exits, Tillman deserves to stick around. He has gotten himself into plenty of jams, but he deserves kudos for limiting the damage like he did in Sunday’s 2-1 win. His ceiling is also much higher than that of Bergesen, and he has nothing left to learn if he is returned to Triple-A Norfolk.Tillman’s teammates think he deserves a fair shot in the rotation, and his manager liked his stuff Sunday."He should have been able to go deeper in that game," Showalter said. "I thought, stuffwise, he was the full package. He had the cutter more like a slider today; he got some outs with it. He's got some deception. It's just [that his] fastball velocity fluctuates a lot. I'd just like to see him take that stuff deeper in the game. But that's the challenge [for] most young pitchers."That’s certainly been the challenge for Showalter’s young rotation -- collectively speaking -- so far, and the Orioles must overcome it to hang around in the competitive AL East until September.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Orioles' top pitching prospect Klein a fast riserRighty, 22, already at Double-A, but whether he's reliever or starter hasn't been decidedMay 23, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunKlein was 6-1 with 10 saves and a 1.90ERA in 39 games for the 2010 Bruins, including a season-high 3 1/3 innings in a losing effort in the College World Series title game. Three weeks earlier, the Orioles had drafted him for the second time in three years. This time, as the 85th overall pick, he signed for an above-slot bonus of $499,900.Maybe it was the shoulder surgery or because college closers aren't as coveted as starters, but Klein was listed as the 54th best right-handed pitcher available in the 2010 draft, according to Baseball America. The Orioles had him rated much higher."If we had had a second-round pick, he would have been our second-rounder," scouting director Joe Jordan said. "I really think this guy is comfortable with being good. … He has a little bit of that 'it' factor. He'll do what he needs to do and trust his stuff." var adSkipCounter = 0; Uncertain roleNow the question is what to do with him. He has a closer's mentality, but his fastball sits in the low 90s. Conversely, he has four pitches — fastball, changeup, slider and curveball — that he throws for strikes, making him more suited to be a big league starter. The Orioles are pitching him in short relief stints and expect to cap him at 100 innings this season."I know there have been a lot of questions about starting, relieving," player development director John Stockstill said. "Over the course of his career, he can be a starter; he has four pitches. At this point, he'll get most of his innings in a relief role throughout the season, consistent to getting him ready to move forward next year either as a continued reliever or as an option to start. But there will be a limited number of innings next year as well."His college coach, Savage, sees him as a big league starter. Grace, his college roommate, expects him to be a late-inning reliever. Orioles manager Buck Showalter saw Klein pitch an inning this spring in big league camp (he allowed one run against the Pittsburgh Pirates on March24) and was impressed by his poise and multi-pitch arsenal.For his part, Klein says he loved closing but just wants to pitch."I am a reliever right now, so I see myself as a reliever," he said. "Whether I am going to start down the road, I don't know. But as long as I am in the 'pen, I am a bullpen guy and I am embracing that role."For Klein to get to Baltimore, the Orioles want to see him make adjustments, specifically throwing his fastball more often instead of relying on off-speed stuff that minor leaguers can't hit."That's something, organizationally, they'd like to have him do," Bowie manager Gary Kendall said. "Develop the command and control of that fastball."Otherwise, Klein seems to be the whole package: smart, driven, poised. The kind of kid that sends home two dozen roses on Mother's Day despite being thousands of miles away. A quiet, fun-loving Californian who amuses himself by playing practical jokes on friends but takes college classes in the offseason to complete his political science degree."The guy just has tremendous values, and he has a presence about him that I think will take him a long way," Savage said. "I just think he has a tremendous future."Notes: Second base prospect LJ Hoes has been promoted from Single-A Frederick to Double-A Bowie. Hoes, 21, batted .241 with three homers, 17 RBIs and four steals in 41 games for the Keys. He got off to a poor start but has raised his average in the past couple of weeks. Hoes, a Bowie native who was the Orioles' third-round pick in 2008, is ranked as the Orioles' fourth-best prospect by Baseball America. He played in three games for Bowie last year, going 2-for-9 with an RBI. … Catcher Luis Bernardo was transferred to the Gulf Coast League team. The Orioles are talking about converting Bernardo into a pitcher because he has struggled to hit, carrying a .221 career minor league average into this season. Catcher Adam Donachie was transferred to Fredrick to take Bernardo's place. … Keys right-hander Bobby Bundy was named the Carolina League Pitcher of the Week. … Single-A Delmarva's Mike Flacco was named the South Atlantic League Player of the Week.dan.connolly@baltsun.comtwitter.com/danconnollysunBaltimore Sun reporter Jeff Zrebiec contributed to this article.Prev | 1 | 2     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Arundel's Hibbs loses scholarship to Florida State after drug arrestHow a prominent black cemetery diedHow the city's nickname came to beAre you setting S.M.A.R.T. goals?Trying to clarify convection settingsThe old oyster R-month rule 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Roberts to miss at least next three weeksConcussion to keep second baseman from performing baseball activities for two weeksMay 24, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunSecond baseman Brian Roberts will not participate in baseball activities for the next two weeks and will be sidelined for a total of at least three weeks after seeing a concussion specialist in Pittsburgh on Tuesday. "They recommend he not do any physical activity for two weeks and then get re-evaluated," Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said. "He could come quickly after that or not, they don't know. But right now, the prescription is two weeks of inactivity and then re-evaluate." Roberts suffered concussion symptoms in the first inning May 16 at Boston, when he slid headfirst into first base. He missed the end of last season after hitting himself on the helmet with a bat, causing a concussion. var adSkipCounter = 0;  He hasn't played since May 16 because of headaches, prompting a trip to sports-related concussion specialist Michael Collins in Pittsburgh. MacPhail said it's difficult to know how serious Roberts' condition is this time around but it's fair to say he'll be out at least an additional week once he gets back to physical activity. "When you are dealing with these things, you don't know," MacPhail said. "Really, it's a science we're just starting to understand. We are just probably scratching the surface with that stuff. So you don't know." Roberts, 33, is on the newly created seven-day disabled list for concussions. MacPhail said he likely will be moved to the 15-day DL for procedural purposes, but it doesn't alter his return, which all depends on how Roberts responds to rest. "He is definitely improving, definitely better," MacPhail said. "You just have to let these things play out. There are, I think, different indications, different players, that historically went much further, much longer than people expected, and others came back relatively quickly. You have to take it individually." Roberts was hitting .221 with three homers and 19 RBIs in 39 games. He has been replaced by Robert Andino and Ryan Adams at second base. MacPhail said he is open to other alternatives to fill in for Roberts. "There are a variety of ways we can go," he said. "Particularly now, it is complicated because you have guys coming on the DL, off the DL, you don't know when they are coming off. There are some moving pieces, and I would suspect the roster is going to be in flux here for the next week or two as we make whatever adjustments we think we have to make to deal with it." Matusz goes Friday at Norfolk Left-hander Brian Matusz will make one more minor league start Friday, with the hope that he'll pitch in his Orioles season debut June 1 at Seattle. "If he pitches well and the people that are evaluating like what they are seeing … then he can come back and pitch for us [next Wednesday]," manager Buck Showalter said. "If not, he'd take another start [next Wednesday] somewhere else." Matusz has been on the DL with an intercostal muscle strain since the season began. He has pitched in two extended spring games and once each at Single-A Frederick (one run in four innings) and Double-A Bowie (six scoreless innings). On Friday, he'll pitch at Triple-A Norfolk against Columbus. He is expected to throw about 90 pitches and go between six and seven innings. "I think it is the right move. I went out today and threw a side [session], and I felt really good," Matusz said. "This is the best play. Go to Norfolk, be able to get out there and get myself as high as I can [in pitches], so I'm ready to go for the big league level. I think it will be good for me." Berken doesn't allow a run Right-hander Jason Berken, in his first start for Norfolk, pitched three scoreless innings in the Tides' loss to Louisville on Tuesday. Berken allowed five hits and struck out three while throwing 28 of his 43 pitches for strikes. He loaded the bases in the second inning but pitched out of the jam. Berken was demoted after allowing six earned runs on five hits, two homers and a walk in one inning Friday in the Orioles' 17-5 loss to the Washington Nationals. That raised his ERA to 7.94 over 15 relief appearances. Showalter said the organization wants Berken to go to the minors to start, giving him an opportunity to get stretched out and work through the command problems he has been experiencing. That doesn't mean the club looks at Berken exclusively as a starter going forward. Berken came up as a starter and went 6-12 with a 6.54 ERA in 24 starts in 2009. Around the horn1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosKansas City Royals' Alex Gordon, right, scores on a single by Jeff Francoeur during the first inning of a baseball game as Baltimore Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, left, waits for the ball, Tuesday, May 24, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Adam Jones capped a ninth-inning uprising with a two-run walkoff homer against Joakim Soria, giving the Baltimore Orioles a 5-3 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night.Jones hit an 0-2 pitch far over the center-field wall to cap a three-run rally. Upon reaching the plate after a joyous trip around the bases, Jones was buried under a wave of teammates celebrating Baltimore's third straight victory.The Orioles improved to 1-21 when trailing after eight innings.Baltimore trailed 3-2 entering the ninth. After Soria (3-1) retired the first batter, J.J. Hardy doubled off the glove of third baseman Wilson Betemit. Pinch-hitter Felix Pie then grounded a double inside third base to tie it.Soria rebounded to strike out Robert Andino before Jones connected.Alfredo Simon (1-0) worked a perfect ninth in his season debut.It was the eighth loss in 10 games for Kansas City, now 14-2 when leading after eight innings.Royals rookie Danny Duffy gave up two runs and five hits over 5 1-3 innings in his second big-league start. The 22-year-old took a three-hit shutout into the sixth before running into trouble trying to protect a 3-0 lead.Duffy was poised to collect his first win in the majors before Baltimore's ninth-inning rally.Orioles starter Zach Britton allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings, but the rookie was again victimized by a lack of offensive support. The Orioles had gone three straight games without scoring while Britton was in the game before getting two runs in the sixth.Britton has a 2.35 ERA overall and has allowed a total of six earned runs over his last four starts, but he's 0-1 in that span.Britton's streak of 19 straight innings without allowing an earned run ended when three of the first four Kansas City batters singled, including an RBI liner to left by Jeff Francoeur.Alex Gordon made it 2-0 in the third with his fifth home run, the first yielded by Britton in three starts since May 6.The Royals added a run in the sixth when Francoeur led off with a single, stole second and scored on a single by Billy Butler. Britton avoided further damage by retiring Gordon on a short fly with the bases loaded and two outs.In the bottom half, Nick Markakis singled and stole second before Matt Wieters chased Duffy with an RBI double. Louis Coleman promptly threw a wild pitch and yielded a run-scoring single to pinch-hitter Luke Scott.NOTES: Orioles manager Buck Showalter said both RHP Brian Matusz (oblique) and 1B Derrek Lee (oblique) should be ready to come off the DL on June 1. Matusz will pitch for Triple-A Norfolk on Friday. ... Baltimore 2B Brian Roberts (concussion) saw a specialist in Pittsburgh on Tuesday and is expected to be sidelined for at least three more weeks. ... SS Cesar Izturis underwent surgery on his right elbow Tuesday and will probably miss 6-8 weeks. "If everything goes as planned, he'll be a player for us again this year," Showalter said. ... There was a moment of silence before the game for those killed and injured over the weekend by a tornado in Missouri. ... Butler has hit in 121 straight series, second-longest active streak in the majors behind Markakis (155). 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Backup catcher Tatum set to return to OriolesCorner infielder Snyder optioned back to Triple-A NorfolkMay 25, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunCatcher Craig Tatum stopped by the Orioles clubhouse Wednesday and will be promoted to start behind the plate in Thursday afternoon's series finale against the Kansas City Royals. Tatum's recall hasn't been announced, but corner infielder Brandon Snyder was optioned back to Triple-A Norfolk after Wednesday's 9-2 win and it's no secret that the Orioles have been hoping to add a traditional backup catcher. That would allow them to use Jake Fox more in a utility role. Fox has started six games this season behind the plate and four in left field. Tatum batted .200 with seven RBIs in 21 games for Norfolk this season after playing in 43 games and hitting .281 last year as Matt Wieters' primary backup. He returned to the Tides' lineup last week after a stint on the minor league disabled list with a right shoulder impingement. var adSkipCounter = 0;  Tatum didn't make the club out of spring training as the Orioles decided to keep two utility infielders (Robert Andino and Cesar Izturis) and use Fox as their backup. However, Brian Roberts and Izturis are on the disabled list and the Orioles also have a day off in each of the next five weeks, enabling them to go with one fewer pitcher if they see fit. Those developments have allowed them to carry both Fox and Tatum. "You always put it down on paper," manager Buck Showalter said about the makeup of his roster. "You just can't seem to ever get there. I think we're getting closer to that, with the exception of [Roberts]. Let's just hope Brian [Matusz] has a good outing and shows us what we need to see and Derrek [Lee], in a day or two, is taking some swings and feeling good. I know he's eligible on [Wednesday], but this type of injury, I'm going to feel a lot better when he has a couple of days down there of swinging the bat where he doesn't feel anything." Roberts still hurting A day after seeing a concussion specialist in Pittsburgh, a sullen Roberts said he has no target date to get off the DL and return to the Orioles' lineup. Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said Tuesday that Roberts would be out for at least more three weeks. "I have no idea, minus the fact that I can't play today," Roberts said when asked about the prognosis from Dr. Michael Collins of two weeks of rest before re-evalutation. "I guess we'll just go from there. I don't know how to quantify that news." Asked specifically how he is feeling, Roberts said: "It comes and goes. … It's a part of life. You take the good with the bad, so you just try to stay positive and take it day by day." Roberts said some of his symptoms are "diminishing a little bit," and he'll start doing physical therapy, including riding an exercise bike. Showalter planned to sit down and talk to Roberts before Wednesday's game. Memorable night for Simon On any other night, the game ball for Tuesday's win would have almost certainly gone to reliever Alfredo Simon, who got his first win since Sept. 5 by pitching a scoreless top of the ninth inning. However, as happy as Simon was, he knew the night and the ball belonged to Adam Jones, who won the game with a two-out two-run homer off Royals closer Joakim Soria. "I think Jonesy gets that ball," Simon said. Regardless, it was a nice night for Simon, who hadn't pitched in the big leagues since Sept. 26. Simon didn't even show up to the Orioles' spring training facility until the first week of April after he was imprisoned for two months in his native Dominican Republic as the chief suspect in a fatal New Year's Day shooting. "There is no reason to be nervous or whatever. I just tried to be the best I can because that is my priority," Simon said. "I got good luck, and I just win the game." Said Jones: "I was happy to see him go out there. It's about time he got warmed up. He's been here for three days. I'm excited for him. I want him to be here with us as long as he can. He's part of our future. We, the entire team, likes him here." Around the horn Left-hander Troy Patton cleared waivers and was optioned to Norfolk. … Outfielder Felix Pie had some dental issues earlier in the day, but he batted leadoff and played left field. Showalter said he would most likely use a leadoff platoon of Pie and Andino in Roberts' absence, preferring to keep J.J. Hardy toward the bottom of the order. … A day after popping up a bunt and seeing it turned into a double play in the fifth inning, Andino was on the field to take early bunting practice. … Adams got his second career start at second base. … Before Wednesday night's game, the Orioles held a moment of silence for former Royals pitcher and broadcaster Paul Splittorff, who passed away Wednesday after a battle with oral cancer and melanoma. He was 64 years old. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Nolan Reimold, right, celebrates with Mark Reynolds, left, Adam Jones, second from left, and J.J. Hardy, third from left, after Reimold hit a three-run home run scoring Reynolds and Jones in the third inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Thursday, May 26, 2011 in Baltimore. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Vladimir Guerrero drove in Robert Andino with a single in the 12th inning, allowing the Baltimore Orioles to beat the Kansas City Royals 6-5 on Thursday for their season-high fifth straight victory.Nolan Reimold had four hits, including two homers, and four RBIs for the Orioles, who squandered a bases-loaded, no-out situation in the 11th before coming through in the 12th.Andino led off the inning with a single off Louis Coleman (0-2), the sixth Kansas City pitcher. Adam Jones popped out and Nick Markakis was intentionally walked before Guerrero hit a bouncing single up the middle to score the decisive run.Jeremy Accardo (3-1) worked two perfect innings for the win.The Royals took a 4-0 lead in the second, sending nine to the plate against Jeremy Guthrie.Jeff Francoeur led off with a single, went to third on Wilson Betemit's single and scored on Mike Aviles' grounder. After a single by Brayan Pena, Getz lined an RBI single to left, Alex Gordon reached on catcher's interference and Melky Cabrera hit a two-run single to center.Reimold hit an 0-1 changeup off Jeff Francis in the second for his second homer of the year. The shot ended Francis' scoreless streak at 16 innings.A four-run third put the Orioles ahead. Andino and Jones singled, Mark Reynolds hit a two-out RBI single and Reimold launched an 0-2 pitch into the left-field stands for a three-run home run and the first multiple-homer game of his career.Since being recalled from Triple-A on May 20, Reimold is 6 for 11 with three home runs.Consecutive two-out doubles by Getz and Alex Gordon tied the score in the fourth, and it remained that way until the game went to extra innings.Chris Getz had three hits for Royals, who dropped their fifth game in a row.Francis worked six innings, allowing five runs on nine hits. Guthrie yielded five runs — four earned — on nine hits in seven innings.NOTES: The Orioles recalled C Craig Tatum from Triple-A. ... Betemit has hit safely in 31 of 37 starts. ... A funeral for ex-Royals pitcher and broadcaster Paul Splittorff will be May 31 in Blue Springs, Mo. Splittorff died Wednesday of complications from melanoma. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Vladimir Guerrero swings for a single during the second inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals, Wednesday, May 25, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — An otherwise effective performance by Luke Hochevar was undone by one absolutely awful inning he won't soon forget.Hochevar yielded eight runs in the fourth inning, and that was more than enough to doom the Kansas City Royals to a 9-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.Hochevar (3-5) went seven innings, five of them perfect. Except for the fourth inning, he faced only one batter over the minimum.But that fourth inning was all anyone was talking about after the Royals' fourth straight defeat."That was really, really bad execution by me in the fourth," Hochevar said. "Everywhere I wanted to throw the ball, I just didn't throw it there. There is really no excuse for it. I am a lot better than that. That was just really bad."I don't think I ever have had a game where I had an inning that was that terrible."Baltimore sent 13 batters to the plate in the fourth against Hochevar, who yielded six hits, walked three and threw a wild pitch."I can't explain it," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "He got to where his command was off and he got behind in the count. It ballooned on him a little bit."To say the least."I felt good tonight. I just got in a funk and didn't execute," Hochevar said. "You just move on. You flush it. Nothing you can't do anything about it."Double, single, RBI groundout. Walk, double, walk, single, walk, single, single.The hits just kept on coming in the magical fourth, Baltimore's most productive inning since an eight-run sixth against Washington on June 26, 2009."It's kind of like sharks on a feeding frenzy," said Luke Scott, who contributed an RBI double.Jake Arrieta (6-2) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings, striking out seven and walking three. He's 2-0 against Kansas City this season and 5-0 in five starts against the AL Central.Melky Cabrera homered for the Royals, who have lost nine of 11. Kansas City is 5-13 on the road, the worst record in the majors."You know, we're not really playing bad," designated hitter Billy Butler said. "We'll snap out of it."Adam Jones led off the Baltimore fourth with a double, advanced on a single by Nick Markakis and scored on a groundout by Vladimir Guerrero. After Matt Wieters drew a walk, Scott doubled in a run and Wieters came home on a wild pitch.J.J. Hardy followed with an RBI single, Ryan Adams walked and Felix Pie singled in a run. Jones followed with a two-run single, and after Markakis popped out, a throwing error by shortstop Alcides Escobar let in the final run.Hochevar didn't allow a runner over the next three innings, but the damage was done. In five career starts against Baltimore, the right-hander is 0-4 with a 7.98 ERA.Cabrera homered in the fifth after a walk to Chris Getz to get the Royals to 8-2."You give up eight runs in one inning," Butler said, "we got a little too far behind."Mark Reynolds connected for Baltimore in the eighth off Robinson Tejada.NOTES: After the game, the Orioles optioned IF Brandon Snyder to Triple-A Norfolk. C Craig Tatum is expected to be called up before Thursday's game. ... There was a moment of silence before the game for Paul Splittorff, the winningest pitcher in Royals history, who died of cancer Wednesday at age 64. ... Guerrero and Markakis have 10-game hitting streaks. ... Arrieta has surrendered a home run in seven straight games. He has given up nine HRs, tied with Jeremy Guthrie for most on the team. ... Cabrera has 15 RBIs and has scored 11 runs in 19 games since May 3. 
2  BALTIMORE (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles are back at .500, thanks to a seeing-eye single from a guy better known for his power. Vladimir Guerrero’s hit drove in Robert Andino in the 12th inning, allowing the Orioles to beat the Kansas City Royals 6-5 on Thursday for their season-high fifth straight victory. Nolan Reimold had four hits, including two homers, and four RBIs for the Orioles, who squandered a bases-loaded, no-out situation in the 11th before coming through an inning later. “It feels real good,” Reimold said. “You never know really what to expect for the game. I was happy to have a good game, very happy that we got the win. So I’ll just enjoy it.” At 24-24, the Orioles are at .500 for the first time since they were 13-13 on May 1, and their hot streak coincides with Reimold’s return. Since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk on May 20, Reimold is 6 for 11 with three home runs. “We’ve got a little win streak going, so it feels very good,” Reimold said. “Now we’ve got to get on the road and keep it going.” Andino led off the 12th with a single off Louis Coleman (0-2), the sixth Kansas City pitcher. Adam Jones popped out trying to lay down a sacrifice bunt and Nick Markakis was intentionally walked before Guerrero hit a bouncing single up the middle for the winning run. “I was trying to look for a good pitch to hit and get a base hit,” Guerrero said through translator Rudy Arias, an Orioles staff assistant. “Nothing to pull or home runs, just trying to get good contact.” Guerrero’s hit bounded over second base just out of the reach of shortstop Alcides Escobar and second baseman Chris Getz, who were charging toward the middle of the diamond after playing the slugger straight up. The turn of events left Coleman dejected. “I was a little aggravated that it got through,” Coleman said. “It’s very frustrating. It’s just part of the game though. It will be a steppingstone and something that hopefully brings out more character and we’ll learn from it next time.” Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Guerrero is tough for opponents to defend because of his bat control. “You play (Guerrero) to pull in the hole because he hits so many balls in that hole, but also because he’s so strong, he topspins a lot of balls up the middle of the diamond,” Showalter said. Jeremy Accardo (3-1) worked two perfect innings for the win. The Royals lost their fifth straight. “Early in the year we were finding ways to win extra-inning games,” Kansas City’s Alex Gordon said. “We’d come up big somehow. Now we’re not finding ways to win at the end of the game. We just didn’t capitalize today.” The Royals took a 4-0 lead in the second, sending nine to the plate against Jeremy Guthrie. Jeff Francoeur led off with a single, went to third on Wilson Betemit’s single and scored on Mike Aviles’ grounder. After a single by Brayan Pena, Getz lined an RBI single to left, Gordon reached on catcher’s interference and Melky Cabrera hit a two-run single to center. Reimold hit an 0-1 changeup off Jeff Francis in the second for his second homer of the year. The shot ended Francis’ scoreless streak at 16 innings. A four-run third put the Orioles ahead. Andino and Jones singled, Mark Reynolds hit a two-out RBI single and Reimold launched an 0-2 pitch into the left-field stands for a three-run home run and the first multiple-homer game of his career. Since being recalled from Triple-A on May 20, Reimold is 6 for 11 with three home runs. Consecutive two-out doubles by Getz and Gordon tied the score in the fourth, and it remained that way until the game went to extra innings. Chris Getz had three hits for Royals. Francis worked six innings, allowing five runs on nine hits. Guthrie yielded five runs — four earned — on nine hits in seven innings. (Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Chris Tillman works against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, May 27, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles had Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez reeling in the second inning, with one run in and the bases loaded.A strikeout by J.J. Hardy and double-play grounder ended whatever hopes the Orioles had of getting to Gonzalez early, and they didn't get anything at all against three Athletics relievers during a 6-2 loss on Friday night that ended Baltimore's five-game winning streak."That's what it comes down to," said Hardy, who had one of only six hits by the Orioles. "You could win a game in the second inning, you could win a game in the ninth. We just didn't get that big hit."Baltimore didn't get much going at all.The Orioles left the bases loaded in the second, stranded a runner at second in the fifth and seventh and grounded into four double plays to match their season high.That left manager Buck Showalter's team a mere 4-20 when scoring four runs or fewer."We had (Gonzalez) on the ropes ... we had a chance to really open him up there," Showalter said. "You don't get him in that situation very often and it's unfortunate. It's frustrating because you've got a chance to beat a really good pitcher tonight."Ryan Sweeney hit a tiebreaking single as part of a three-run sixth inning, Josh Willingham homered and drove in two runs and the A's won despite manager Bob Geren's first ejection of the season.Vladimir Guerrero singled to extend his hitting streak to 12 games for Baltimore, which had won the final five games on its homestand before coming West for a six-game trip.Brad Ziegler (1-0) pitched two scoreless innings for the win while Joey Devine and Michael Wuertz pitched an inning apiece to complete the six-hitter.The A's had lost seven of nine since moving into a tie for first in the AL West on May 17, primarily due to an offense that is last in the American League in runs scored.That wasn't an issue against Baltimore. Oakland put runners on base in every inning, batted around during the sixth and reached double digits in hits for a second consecutive game. Every starter had at least one hit and five different players drove in runs.It was the perfect start to the A's six-game homestand against the Orioles and Yankees following a tumultuous four-game series in Los Angeles when reliever Brian Fuentes publicly criticized Geren for a lack of communication. Former Oakland reliever Huston Street also was critical of Geren in published reports this week.Geren wasn't around to see the end of this one.The Oakland manager was ejected by home plate umpire Angel Campos after removing starter Gio Gonzalez in the top of the sixth. It's the 10th time he's been ejected in his career.That seemed to spark the A's, who scored three runs in the bottom of the sixth — all with two outs. Sweeney's RBI single snapped a 2-2 tie, while Willingham and Kurt Suzuki also drove in runs to help Oakland take a 5-2 lead. All the runs came off Baltimore reliever Alfredo Simon (1-1).Willingham hit his eighth home in the eighth.Hideki Matsui's two-out RBI-single in the first gave the A's a 1-0 lead after third baseman Mark Reynolds' fielding error prolonged the inning.Baltimore got the run back against Gonzalez, who struggled with his control all night.Gonzalez gave up consecutive singles to open the second then issued back-to-back walks, the second to Reynolds that forced in Guerrero. Gonzalez then struck out J.J. Hardy and got Jake Fox to ground into an inning-ending double play.The A's got another big two-out hit in the second when David DeJesus lined a shot that glanced off Reynolds' glove and landed in left field. That slowed the ball enough to allow Mark Ellis to score from second.Gonzalez got a scare in the fifth while trying to cover first base on an attempted double play. The throw from shortstop Cliff Pennington sailed behind Gonzalez, who rolled his left ankle while reaching back for the ball.Fox scored easily from second on the error while Gonzalez limped noticeably around the infield. The Oakland lefty stayed in the game and gave up a walk to Nick Markakis before Guerrero hit into a double play.Gonzalez, who finished with seven strikeouts and five walks, left after giving up a leadoff single to Wieters in the sixth.Oakland loaded the bases in the fifth to chase Baltimore starter Chris Tillman but failed to score when Simon struck out Suzuki and Ellis.Tillman gave up two runs and six hits with two strikeouts. The right-hander, who has three straight no-decisions, also walked three and hit a batter."Tillman's given us a chance to win more times than not," Showalter said. "In fairness to him he made a couple of great pitches on Willingham, didn't get the call and that kind of turned a lot of things around."Notes: Tillman has not allowed a home run in seven consecutive starts. ... Markakis singled in the third to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' five-game winning streak ends with loss to AthleticsAthletics 6, Orioles 2Simon gives up four hits and three runs in two innings for first defeat of seasonMay 28, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunOAKLAND, Calif. — The Orioles' five-game winning streak came to an abrupt halt Friday night as they played like they always seem to at the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum. They got a much-too-brief outing from their starting pitcher, their bullpen didn't throw enough strikes and their lineup marred a solid team-wide approach by hitting into four inning-ending double plays. After getting out of a bases loaded and one-out jam in the fifth, Alfredo Simon allowed three runs in the bottom of the sixth as the Oakland Athletics beat the Orioles 6-2 in front of an announced 12,110. var adSkipCounter = 0;  The Orioles (24-25) fell to 1-10 at the Coliseum since the 2008 season, and dropped under the .500 mark a day after they reached that plateau for the first time since May 1. "We had a lot of opportunities," said Orioles manager Buck Showalter, whose team went 0-for-7 with runners in scoring position and didn't take full advantage of Oakland starter Gio Gonzalez's five walks and a hit batter. "It was very frustrating for us." Simon, making just his second appearance since he was activated from Major League Baseball's restricted list, officially got the loss, surrendering three straight two-out, run-scoring hits, the first one by Ryan Sweeney breaking a 2-2 tie in the sixth. Josh Willingham also connected for an RBI double, and Kurt Suzuki lined an RBI single to complete the three-run inning. Simon -- who admitted that he was a little tired after he had warmed up or pitched for three consecutive days -- was in the game at that point because Chris Tillman needed 102 pitches to log just 4 1/3 innings, the fifth time in his past six starts when the young right-hander went five innings or less. In one of the more deceiving stat lines of the season, Tillman allowed just two runs (one earned) despite giving up six hits, walking three batters and hitting one, and surrendering a series of hard-hit balls. "I was more frustrated that I got out of my delivery tonight," Tillman said. "It's been there for me pretty much when I needed it, and tonight I got away from myself. A lot of hard work [I put in], and tonight I got away from it and I've got to get back to it." Tillman didn't have one easy inning and continued his struggles to put away hitters. He got two quick outs in the first before a double by Sweeney and an error by third baseman Mark Reynolds on Willingham's ground ball prolonged the inning for Hideki Matsui to line an RBI single into left. The A's got their second run with two outs in the second when David DeJesus' single brought home Mark Ellis, who had led off the inning with a single and then stole second base. By the end of the third inning, Tillman's pitch count was already at 69. After back-to-back walks to Willingham and Matsui loaded the bases with one out in the fifth, Showalter removed Tillman and brought in Simon, who cleaned up the mess with strikeouts of Suzuki and Ellis. However, going to his bullpen that early in the game following a 12-inning game on Thursday was about the last thing that Showalter wanted to do. "He's got that same challenge that we've had with some of our young starting pitching," Showalter said. "They go 0-2 to 3-2 real quick. In fairness to him, he struck out Willingham a couple of times and didn't get the call. That turned some innings around. It was a challenge for him. It's disappointing that he didn't pitch better." Simon and Michael Gonzalez took the brunt of Tillman's short outing as Simon threw 55 pitches over two innings and Gonzalez threw 41 over 1 2/3 innings. Meanwhile, the Orioles did what they wanted to do against the talented Gio Gonzalez, getting people on base and making the left-hander throw a lot of pitches. But that didn't translate into as many runs as it should have because of the Orioles' futility with runners in scoring position. The Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the second inning, and Gonzalez walked Reynolds to bring in a run and tie the game at one. However, Gonzalez struck out J.J. Hardy for the first out and got former teammate Jake Fox to hit into a double play to end the inning. "Jake had a tough at-bat," Showalter said. "We had him on the ropes and he swings at two balls in the dirt, and we had a chance to really open him up there. We had some disciplined at-bats, and you don't get him in that situation very often and it's unfortunate. It's frustrating because you've got a chance to beat a really good pitcher tonight." The Orioles had two men on again in the third and Matt Wieters struck out, and another guy on in the fourth before Hardy bounced into an inning-ending double play. They got another run in the fifth, but it took a throwing error on Oakland shortstop Cliff Pennington to do it. With runners on first and second and no outs, Adam Jones hit a hard grounder to first base. Daric Barton fielded it cleanly to get the out at second, but Gonzalez, who ran over to cover first, fell down as Pennington's throw flew past him. Fox scored on the error to tie the game at two. But after Gonzalez walked Nick Markakis, Vladimir Guerrero bounced into a double play. That's how the sixth ended, as well as with Mark Reynolds grounding into the twin killing. "It's just one of those nights where they were better than us," Hardy said. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
4 The Orioles started their West Coast trip with a loss in Oakland. The A’s beat the Orioles 6-2 after Oakland broke open the game against reliever Alfredo Simon in the bottom of the sixth inning with 3 runs. The Orioles continue to struggle in Oakland and fall a game below .500. Chris Tillman continues to struggle with limiting the number of pitches he throws. Despite avoiding the big inning, Tillman comes awfully close each game to imploding and letting the game get out of hand. However, so far, Tillman hasn’t been giving up the big hit and he has kept the Orioles in the game. The problem is Tillman can’t seem to even get through 6 innings. The Orioles bullpen seems to be taxed right now and they need their starters to be giving them more than the 5 innings Tillman continually pitches. Last night, Tillman was unable to get through 5 complete innings. He was actually bailed out by Alfredo Simon, who eventually struggled himself and lost the game.Statistically, Tillman only allowed one earned run in the game and has a 4.69 ERA on the season. This is not bad, but his spot in the rotation may be in serious jeopardy because he hasn’t been able to pitch deep into games. Brian Matusz pitched in Triple A last night and it seems like a good bet that Matusz will be pitching Wednesday in Seattle. It would work out nicely if Tillman were to be optioned to Norfolk considering Matusz and Tillman already pitched on the same night. Showalter wouldn’t have to juggle the rotation and could just place Matusz in the rotation in place of Tilllman. However, fans will have to wait and see how Brad Bergesen pitches tonight before a decision is made. Bergesen has shown an ability to pitch deeper into games, but he also has been hit harder than Tillman so far this season.Obviously a lot will depend on Bergesen’s performance in his next start, but I think Tillman should be optioned to Triple A when Matusz is taken off the disabled list. I don’t think Bergesen has anything else to work on in the minors, while Tillman could use a stay in Triple A to work on his secondary pitches and his command.In other news, Pedro Viola is with the team in Oakland in case he is needed. One of the Orioles relievers may be put on the disabled list. It is not known which reliever it is, but my guess would be Clay Rapada. Rapada and Viola would both assume similar roles in the bullpen as lefty specialists. I hope this isn’t the case because Rapada actually has done a good job this season against left handed batters. If you look at the numbers, Rapada has done the job of a lefty specialist and gotten left handed batters out. Mike Gonzalez, on the other hand, has not. Gonzalez gave up another run last night in an inning and two thirds. His ERA now stands at 7.79 and he really is serving no purpose in the Orioles bullpen. Gonzalez can’t be counted on to get anyone out right now and it’s not even like he can pitch multiple innings or pitch as a long reliever while he gets his stuff togather.I would like to see Gonzalez either stashed away on the disabled list or released. The Orioles could replace him with Viola, who has pitched very well in Double A this season. Viola has some major league experience and so far in the majors and minors he has shown an ability to get left handed batters out. Atleast then the Orioles would have a couple lefties in their bullpen who can actually get left handed batters out.The Orioles play the A’s again tonight (10 pm eastern time) in the second game of their 6 game west coast road trip. Bergesen will be pitching for the Orioles against left hander Josh Outman. The Orioles will try to bounce back tonight and return to .500. Look for the Orioles to shuffle the lineup a little and maybe put Luke Scott back in the lineup against the left hander. 
3 Baltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones makes the catch on a ball hit by Oakland Athletics' Coco Crisp during the first inning of a baseball game, Sunday, May 29, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Baltimore center fielder Adam Jones has left Sunday's game against Oakland because of a sore right shoulder.Jones, who leads the Orioles with 29 RBIs, was hitless in two at-bats before being replaced by Nolan Reimold in the fourth inning. Jones caught two balls in the first inning and didn't show signs of being injured before leaving the game. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Koji Uehara of Japan works against the Oakland Athletics during the eighth inning of a baseball game Saturday, May 28, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — J.J. Hardy is in his first season with Baltimore and already has a pretty good idea why the Orioles have struggled in Oakland the last few years.Hardy hit a deep flyball to center that died at the warning track in the fifth inning, one of several Baltimore threats that ended with a whimper during the Orioles' 4-2 loss to the Athletics on Saturday night."It could be a little thing where we just don't feel comfortable here," said Hardy, who signed with Baltimore after six seasons with Milwaukee. "I don't know what it was like in the past, but I believe in that, that there's teams that play well in certain places and teams that you just don't play well against. They have some good pitching in a big park and then they can manufacture runs and play a little smallball."That's exactly what the A's did, scoring three of their four runs with two outs. That followed the pattern set a day earlier when the Orioles surrendered five runs with two outs.Conversely, Baltimore did not get a runner past first base after leaving the bases loaded in the fourth and was held to six hits for a second straight day."This has always been, this time of year, an unfriendly place but we had some opportunities and we just couldn't take advantage of it," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "We're stringing together some good at-bats, but at some point we have to make them pay for it and we haven't done that. "Coco Crisp had two hits and drove in the go-ahead run for Oakland, which has won 11 of 12 at home against Baltimore. The A's have also won 19 of the last 23 at the Coliseum against the Orioles.Mark Ellis hit a home run and Josh Willingham and Kevin Kouzmanoff also drove in runs for the A's, who have won four of their last five following a season-high six-game losing streak.Adam Jones and Craig Tatum each drove in runs for the Orioles, who have lost 11 of their last 12 in Oakland.Josh Outman, in his second start since returning to the majors for the first time in two years, allowed two runs and six hits over six innings. He walked five.Outman (1-0) earned his first major league victory since June 8, 2009, against the Minnesota Twins.Brad Bergesen (1-6) allowed three runs and nine hits in 5 2-3 innings. He walked two and struck out five."I felt all right and I made some good pitches tonight," Bergesen said. "I wanted to be able to put that one away and just wasn't able to do it at the end. It was tough. There were times I felt really good."Joey Devine, Grant Balfour each pitched a scoreless inning and Brian Fuentes got the final three outs for his 10th save in 12 chances.Fuentes recorded his first save in his first save opportunity since May 8.Crisp, Ellis, Kouzmanoff and Cliff Pennington each had two hits for the A's, who recorded double-digits in hits for the third consecutive game for just the second time this season.Ellis ended a 50-game homerless streak with his solo shot in the eighth, making it 4-2.Crisp put the A's ahead with a two-out RBI single in the sixth.The A's scored two of their runs with two outs and have scored seven of their last 10 runs with two outs.Vladimir Guerrero singled in the fifth to extend his hitting streak to 13 games. Nick Markakis went 0-for-4 and had his 12-game streak snapped.Notes: O's IF Mark Reynolds started at first base for the first time in two years. ... Brian Matusz (left intercostal muscle strain) is set to throw a bullpen session Sunday. ... IF Derrick Lee (left oblique strain) is expected to start baseball activities at extended spring training Sunday. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */It's time to apologize for doubting Orioles' WietersMay 29, 2011|Kevin CowherdHere's today's question: When do we all start apologizing to Matt Wieters? When do all the critics who called the Orioles' young catcher a bust admit: "OK, we were wrong?" When do all the fans who blasted him on talk radio for not instantly turning into Johnny Bench say, "Fine, maybe we were a little hasty?" Yeah, Wieters has been some bust, all right. All he's done this spring is call games brilliantly for the Orioles' young pitching staff and throw out 14 of 31 would-be base stealers, a major league-leading 45 percent. var adSkipCounter = 0;  And all he's done at the plate is bat a respectable .271 and drive in 26 runs, second on the Orioles to Adam Jones' 29. No wonder the guy's being talked up for the All-Star Game, even after the reeling Orioles were swept by the Oakland Athletics this past weekend. "This is my 22nd year in the major leagues, and he's the best pure catcher, throwingwise, calling the ballgame, receiving the ball, tagging the runners, that I've been with," says Mark Connor, the Orioles pitching coach. "I'm not saying he's Johnny Bench or anything else, but for a young kid to be able to grasp the things that he's grasped … is quite a testimony to him." Want to know how good Wieters is going behind the plate? In the Orioles' dugout, they actively root for opposing base runners to take leave of their senses and test his arm. "I sit there with [manager Buck Showalter] sometimes and say, 'I wish this guy would run, because it'll be a free out,'" Connor says. Anyone in this town who has watched the Orioles catcher night after night probably does the same thing. Someone gets on base for the opposing team, and suddenly you hear the voice of Joe Angel or Fred Manfra or Gary Thorne looping through your head: "There goes the runner … here's Wieters' throw … and he's OUT!" Wieters' release is so quick and efficient, his throws so accurate, he's re-defining the capabilities of a big (he's 6 feet 5) catcher. The Orioles still talk about the missile Wieters threw last week to gun down Washington Nationals pinch-runner Brian Bixler at second base in the ninth inning to preserve a 2-1 win. The throw was so perfect, shortstop J.J. Hardy could have sat in a lounge chair with a pina colada and not spilled a drop as he slapped the tag on Bixler. It was so perfect, it sent a bunch of the Orioles, including Showalter and right fielder Nick Markakis, straight to the video room so they could watch the replay and gush about it some more. But good luck getting Wieters to acknowledge how good he has been this season. All he does is deflect praise. And heap it on his teammates. The guy is so humble, he makes Mother Teresa look like a showboat by comparison. When I mentioned that baseball people are calling him the best-throwing catcher in the game, Wieters actually appeared to wince. For a moment, I wondered whether maybe I'd just blurted out something nasty about his mom instead. "It's nice to hear that compliment," he said finally. "But at the same time, once you start looking at your compliments, that's when things start to turn the other way. So you've got to block everything out. Today's a new day." Coming from a lot of other ballplayers, that might sound phony and self-serving. But not when it comes from Wieters, which is just another reason his teammates love him. "He studies film of hitters," Connor says. "He's just not wrapped up in his offensive numbers. The pitchers know that. He cares about them and the results they get. "I think Wiety would be very happy going 0-for-4 and he caught a shutout. And that's what you want out of a catcher." Here's what's clear: In his third season, Wieters, 25, is starting to live up to the ridiculous hype that accompanied his selection as the Orioles' first-round draft choice in 2007. He says he's not doing anything differently this season in terms of throwing out runners. Instead — here's another shocker — he credits Orioles pitchers with being quicker to the plate this season, making his job easier. Ideally, says Connor, you want your pitcher taking no more than 1.3 seconds to deliver a pitch with runners on base. And you want your catcher to take no more than 2.0 seconds firing the ball to the bag to get the runner. Wieters' release time is well under that, Connor says. How much under? "I don't want to say, 'cause I've timed him," Connor says. "And sometimes I look at my [stopwatch] and I go, 'That can't be possible.'" But even though Connor treats Wieters' release time like it's today's White House nuclear code, Showalter readily tells you it's a super-quick 1.8 seconds. Wieters shrugs that off, too. "You try to be under 2.0," he says. "But more important than that, you try to make an accurate throw. If you're 1.8 and off the bag, it [doesn't help]." Wieters says all the flak he took from the critics and fans the past two seasons didn't bother him because "I never put on my goal sheet to make the Hall of Fame or be the best player ever. I just wanted to be the best player I could be." So far this season, he's been plenty good enough for the Orioles. He probably won't get the apologies he deserves from all the haters. But he sure has been fun to watch. kevin.cowherd@baltsun.com Listen to Kevin Cowherd from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesdays with Jerry Coleman on V1370 AM Sports.      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Nick Markakis singles in a run against the Seattle Mariners in the eighth inning of a baseball game, Monday, May 30, 2011, in Seattle. MoreSEATTLE (AP) — Doug Fister has seen the Seattle Mariners pull together over the past month. He's just happy to finally contribute.Fister (3-5) picked up his first victory since April 30, a 4-3 decision over the Baltimore Orioles on Monday.Fister went 7 1-3 innings, allowing three runs and seven hits, walked one and struck out a career-high nine in his 49th start. He threw 23 of 30 first-pitch strikes. He is 3-2 with a 3.02 ERA over his past eight starts, but this was his first win in May."Guys have been gaining confidence. It's a great thing to be a part of," Fister said. "It's a real family atmosphere here."The Mariners, who lost 11 of their first 15 games to open the season, have won 10 of their past 12 and are 19-11 over their last 30 games to go one game over .500 (27-26). They have assured just their second winning May (14-11) since 2004.Fister worked at least into the seventh in four of his five May starts with a 3.79 ERA but had nothing to show for it."You look at his stuff, the way he approaches his game plan and sticks to it, the way he's able to make adjustments and make pitches," Mariners manager Eric Wedge said, "He's not just a one- or two-pitch guy. He has weapons beyond that. What I see a guy who really understands himself."Brandon League worked the ninth for his 14th save in 17 opportunities.Jack Cust supported Fister with his second career triple, driving in a first-inning run.Ichiro Suzuki, steeped in his worst career slump — 1 of 22 over his previous five games — had two singles and scored twice. He has a career .367 average against Baltimore, the best against any team. He has at least one hit in 40 of the last 42 games he has played against the Orioles.The Orioles have lost four straight.Jake Arrieta (6-3) lasted just 2 1-3 innings for the Orioles, allowing four hits, four runs and walking four.Suzuki greeted Arrieta with a sharp first-inning single to right and scored on a groundout by Brendan Ryan. With one out, Justin Smoak walked and Cust followed with a triple. The high flyball hit halfway up the right-center wall then bounced away from the fielders.His first triple came on Aug. 18, 2007, for Oakland against Kansas City."There's just not many opportunities to get a triple," Cust said. "The ball kind of fell away from them so it was pretty easy."Wedge added, "I told him you have to fill those columns and he filled one today."Mark Reynolds drilled the first hit against Fister in the third, a solo shot into the second deck in left field. It was his seventh homer.Suzuki then initiated the Mariners' two-run, third inning with a leadoff single that caromed off Arrieta's left leg. Ryan followed with a single to left, extending his hitting streak to a career-high 10 games. Smoak walked to load the bases.After Cust flied out to shallow left, Arrieta issued successive bases-loaded walks to Adam Kennedy — in a 12-pitch at-bat — and Miguel Olivo for a 4-1 score.Fister yielded a leadoff double to Luke Scott in the fifth but didn't allow him to advance past second. In the seventh, he had runners on first and second with one out then struck out Nolan Reimold and got Reynolds on a fielder's choice."He got ahead and it is always tough to hit when you are 0-1 or 0-2," Matt Wieters said of Fister. "Next time you have to come out and be aggressive so he doesn't get to 0-2."The Orioles rallied for two runs off Fister in the eighth. Robert Andino opened with a one-hop shot that third baseman Chone Figgins couldn't handle. Felix Pie then singled to right with Andino racing to third. With one out, Nick Markakis singled to right, scoring Andino to make it 4-2.Jamey Wright took over for Fister and induced Vladimir Guerrero to hit a hard grounder to Figgins' left. The ball bounced off Figgins' glove for an error, allowing Pie to score.Aaron Laffey ended the rally by getting Scott on a grounder.League allowed Reimold's leadoff single in the ninth but finished the inning on a double play by Andino.Earlier this month, League allowed the Orioles for rally for two last-at-bat victories against him."I don't really think about that anymore. I analyzed that and moved on," League said. "But now that you say that, it does feel good."League is tied for the league lead in saves.NOTES: Figgins, struggling with a .193 batting average, was moved from second to eighth in the lineup. "I've been through stuff like this before. My mind says I'm not going to change. I'll try to do the same things, play defense and try to create some havoc." Wedge says Figgins is looking for the "feel" a hitter needs. "That's what he's lost and what he's working to get back," he said. Figgins was 0 for 3 with two strikeouts and an error. ... Orioles RHP Chris Jakubauskas returned from rehab (strained groin) at Triple-A Norfolk. He replaced RHP Chris Tillman, optioned to Norfolk. ... Orioles CF Adam Jones sat out Monday as a precaution because of a sore shoulder. He is day to day. ... LHP Brian Matusz will come off his rehab assignment (strained intercoastal) and start Wednesday against Seattle. 
6  Before the season started, ESPN analyst Keith Law released his list of the top 100 prospects in baseball (subscription required). Two Orioles made that list: LHP Zach Britton at #11 and SS Manny Machado at #26. This morning, Law released an update on the top twenty-five prospects. Britton is no longer there, having graduated to the majors, but the Delmarva Shorbirds' shortstop jumped fifteen spots to #10. Law says of Machado:  10. Manny Machado, SS, Baltimore: The first major jump here as  Machado, currently out with a knee injury, looked better than expected  at shortstop and far more comfortable at the plate than expected,  adjusting to better off-speed stuff and taking great at-bats in low-A.  He won't turn 19 until July, and is just three months older than Harper.  Law now ranks Machado ahead of Dustin Ackley, Wil Myers, and Aaron Hicks, all of whom were in the top ten in Law's initial ranking in February. Machado's ascension up the list is good to see, and hopefully he'll be back on the field very soon. Law also mentioned that he's keeping an eye on Jonathan Schoop for his next update, which is good news indeed.     
3 Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jake Arrieta, right, is given a pat by manager Buck Showalter as he walks off the field in the third inning of a baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Monday, May 30, 2011, in Seattle. MoreSEATTLE (AP) — It wasn't so much that Jake Arrieta's right arm gave him trouble against the Seattle Mariners on Monday.It was his left leg.The right-hander was hit on the left shin by a scorching line drive by Ichiro Suzuki in the third inning and he wasn't the same after that. He threw 30 more pitches and never got out of the inning as the Baltimore Orioles lost their fourth straight, 4-3."It hurt and started to stiffen up right away," Arrieta said. "I couldn't move my toes up or down. But I didn't want to come out of the game. I gave it a shot and couldn't get it done."Brendan Ryan, extending his hitting streak to a career-high 10 games, followed Suzuki with a single to left and Justin Smoak walked to load the bases.Arrieta (6-3) got Jack Cust to fly out to shallow left, with the runners holding. But then he lost an epic 12-pitch battle with Adam Kennedy, forcing in a run with a walk."He threw everything up there," Kennedy said. "He was a little effectively wild around the plate, around enough to make you swing. I was fortunate enough there to get a walk."Arrieta walked Miguel Olivo for a 4-1 deficit and that bases-loaded walk ended his afternoon after 68 pitches in just 2 1-3 innings. He allowed four hits, four runs and walked four."I just felt erratic and had trouble getting the ball down," Arrieta said, "and just couldn't figure it out in the third."Orioles manager Buck Showalter, who has seen his starters struggle over the past four losses, said, "they are trying, almost too hard sometimes. It seems like Jake is trying to pitch so much instead of just trusting his fastball and going after it."Doug Fister (3-5) picked up his first victory since April 30. He went 7 1-3 innings, allowing three runs and seven hits, walked one and struck out a career-high nine in his 49th start. He threw 23 of 30 first-pitch strikes. He is 3-2 with a 3.02 ERA over his past eight starts, but this was his first win in May."We're doing a lot of things that are frustrating, not just not hitting with runners in scoring position," Orioles catcher Matt Wieters said. "We're not being as aggressive both in the field and at the plate as we can be."Brandon League worked the ninth and Nolan Reimold put him on edge with an opening single. The Orioles beat League twice in final at-bats two weeks ago at Camden Yards. But League settled down and finished the inning on a double play by Robert Andino."I don't really think about that anymore. I analyzed that and moved on," League said of his Birds' comebacks. "But now that you say that, it does feel good."League earned his 14th save in 17 opportunities.Cust had the offensive highlight, his second career triple in the first inning, that drove in one run.Suzuki, steeped in his worst career slump — 1 of 22 over his previous five games — had two singles and scored twice. He has a career .367 average against Baltimore, the best against any team. He has at least one hit in 40 of the last 42 games he has played against the Orioles.Suzuki greeted Arrieta with a sharp first-inning single to right and scored on a groundout by Ryan. With one out, Smoak walked and Cust followed with the triple. The high flyball hit halfway up the right-center wall then bounced away from the fielders.His first triple came on Aug. 18, 2007, for Oakland against Kansas City.Mark Reynolds drilled the first hit against Fister in the third, a solo shot into the second deck in left field. It was his seventh.The Orioles rallied for two runs off Fister in the eighth. Andino opened with a one-hop shot that third baseman Chone Figgins couldn't handle. Felix Pie then singled to right with Andino going to third. With one out, Nick Markakis singled to right, scoring Andino to make it 4-2.Jamey Wright took over for Fister and induced Vladimir Guerrero to hit a hard grounder to Figgins' left. The ball bounced off Figgins' glove for an error, allowing Pie to score.Aaron Laffey entered and ended the rally by getting Luke Scott on a grounder."I'm really upset about this one," Arrieta said. "I couldn't give the team what I needed to give them. It is real frustrating to go out there, especially after (Oakland's) sweep and I knew what I wanted to do today. To only get seven outs is pretty frustrating."NOTES: Orioles RHP Chris Jakubauskas returned from rehab (strained groin) at Triple-A Norfolk. He replaced RHP Chris Tillman, optioned to Norfolk. ... Orioles CF Adam Jones sat out Monday as a precaution because of a sore shoulder. He is day to day. ... LHP Brian Matusz will come off his rehab assignment (strained intercoastal) and start Wednesday against Seattle.(This version CORRECTS Mariners 4, Orioles 3. Corrects that Cust's triple drove in 1 run, not 2.) 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Adam Jones hits a solo home run against the Seattle Mariners in the eighth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 1, 2011, in Seattle. MoreSEATTLE (AP) — Adam Jones had three hits against his former team, including the go-ahead homer into the upper deck in the eighth inning, leading the Baltimore Orioles to a 2-1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday.Jones turned on a fastball from Jamey Wright (1-2) on the inside corner of the plate and hit a rocket into the second level seating in left field to give Baltimore the lead.Jim Johnson (4-1) allowed one hit while retiring four batters to pick up the victory, and Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth inning to earn his ninth save of the season.Both starters settled in after the second inning and made easy work of the opposing lineup.Making his season debut, Brian Matusz lasted 5 2-3 innings, allowing one run on four hits and striking out three. He received a big assist from Jones in the fourth, when Miguel Olivo hit a drive deep to center and Jones made an over-the-shoulder basket catch before the wall.Michael Pineda was just as strong for Seattle. He retired 11 of 12 batters in the middle innings before running into some trouble in the seventh.J.J. Hardy picked up a one-out broken bat single and Pineda walked his only batter of the game, Mark Reynolds, putting a runner in scoring position for the first time all game. Pineda buckled down and struck out Robert Andino with a 96-mph fastball to end the threat.Hardy gave Baltimore an early lead when he hit a 1-2 slider from Pineda into the Orioles bullpen over the left field wall.Olivo led off the bottom of the second with a single to left and advanced to second on a flyout from Franklin Gutierrez. Jack Wilson came up with a two-out RBI single to center.Olivo lowered a shoulder into catcher Matt Wieters, who was blocking the plate with his left leg. Wieters whiffed and the ball went to the backstop as Olivo bowled over Wieters. Olivo had to go back to touch the plate as the run tied the game at 1-1.Notes: Matusz was activated from the DL before the game. Utility man Jake Fox was designated for assignment to make roster space. ... Nick Markakis started at 1B for the first time. He hadn't played the position since high school. ... RF Ichiro Suzuki served as the DH for the second time this season. Mariners manager Eric Wedge said he wanted to get Suzuki off his feet for the day. ... SS Brendan Ryan had his career-high 11-game hitting streak end. He was 0 for 4. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles look to add to stable of young arms through draftO's could target high school star Dylan Bundy, whose brother is already in the systemJune 02, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunIn each of the past four amateur drafts, the Orioles have selected in the top five of the first round, meaning they are exceptionally familiar with their current position. Don't look to that recent history, however, as a clue as to what the Orioles might do Monday night, shortly after 7 p.m., when they pick fourth overall. There are no discernible trends. The Orioles have been all over the draft board with their first pick since 2007. In the past four years, they have selected a high school hitter (Manny Machado, third overall, 2010), high school pitcher (Matt Hobgood, fifth, 2009), collegiate pitcher (Brian Matusz, fourth, 2008) and collegiate hitter (Matt Wieters, fifth, 2007). var adSkipCounter = 0;  Truthfully, they'd probably prefer another ready-to-go collegiate hurler to mix into the young, big-league rotation within the next year or two. Fortunately for the Orioles, this draft class boasts some upper-echelon college pitching — at least half of the Top 10 picks is expected to come from the college pitching ranks. Although it's a relatively deep draft, the O's best shot at a difference maker is with the fourth pick. Because of a bloated supplemental round, they don't draft again until the fourth selection in the second round, which is 64th overall. Their third-rounder is 94th overall. "I am always looking for a good college option, and picking number four has the top-end potential you are looking for there," said Orioles amateur scouting director Joe Jordan. "I'd like to get a 21-year-old that's been proven out there and can be as good as any option we have. That makes sense." Yet if the draft goes as expected, the Orioles' top pick may be a high school arm — hard-throwing Oklahoma prep right-hander Dylan Bundy, who is the younger brother of Orioles' minor-league pitcher Bobby Bundy, a starter at High-A Frederick. As is his policy, Jordan won't talk about specific players, but several national experts believe the club will tab the 6-foot-1, 205-pound Bundy, who had a senior season in Oklahoma that is the stuff of legend. Jordan, also an Oklahoman, has been aware of Dylan Bundy for years. Using an advanced arsenal that includes a mid-to-high 90s fastball, a hard cutter, a sharp curveball and a developing changeup, the 18-year-old Bundy allowed just 20 hits and two earned runs in 71 innings pitched, walking five and striking out 158. He threw one no-hitter and six one-hitters. "The biggest thing is his command. He can locate four pitches where he wants to and put them down in the zone," said his brother Bobby, whom the Orioles drafted in the eighth round in 2008. "He can throw 96, 97, 98 mph down in the zone. It's not like a high school kid that just rears back and lets it go. He has a real smooth delivery." ESPN.com baseball analyst Keith Law thinks Bundy may be the safest bet among the top players available, even as a high schooler, because his ceiling is unlimited and there are questions surrounding most every elite college player. Risk and reward Heading into this season, Rice third baseman Anthony Rendon, the reigning player of the year, and UCLA power right-hander Gerrit Cole were expected to duke it out for the No. 1 pick. But Rendon suffered a shoulder injury that has limited him to six games in the field, raising questions as to whether he is a health risk going forward. Cole (6-7, 3.28 ERA in 15 games) has had an unspectacular campaign, given his impressive four-pitch repertoire that includes a fastball that tops out at 100 mph. Those two are still the leading candidates to be taken at No. 1 by the Pittsburgh Pirates. However, University of Virginia left-hander Danny Hultzen, a Bethesda resident, has rocketed up the draft list with an outstanding season (10-3, 1.59 ERA in 15 games) for the talent-rich Cavaliers. Despite not throwing as hard as Cole, Hultzen, whose fastball sits in the low 90s and has an excellent changeup and sinker, may be the most polished of the amateurs. He has a shot at being the top pick, but if he slips to No. 4 the Orioles almost certainly would grab the local product. They also likely would take Cole if he were available. Rendon, despite his reputation as a disciplined power hitter and defensive whiz, might be a different story. The Orioles' organization needs corner infield power and Rendon has prodigious pop. He hit 20 homers in 2009, 26 in 2010 and just six this year, though he been pitched around much of the season (and the NCAA switched to less lively bats in 2011). The only way Rendon drops to fourth is if the three higher teams are not satisfied with — or aren't allowed to inspect — Rendon's medical reports. If those three pass because of health, it's unlikely the Orioles would take the risk, given their cautious history with pre-existing conditions.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays' J.P. Arencibia, right, is greeted by teammates Jose Bautista, Yunel Escobar and Juan Rivera after hitting a grand slam against the Baltimore Orioles in the fifth inning of a baseball game, Friday, June 3, 2011, in Baltimore. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — For J.P. Arencibia, Toronto's convincing win over a divisional foe meant significantly more than his first career grand slam.Arencibia cleared the bases with his ninth homer of the season, Rajai Davis had three hits and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 8-4 on Friday night to end a two-game losing streak."It's one of those things you don't really think about," Arencibia said. "I don't remember the last time I hit a grand slam in baseball. It was just one of those things. If I say I was trying to hit a grand slam, I'd be a liar. I just hit the ball and it was able to go out and we had three guys on base. The biggest thing, I think, was it gave our pitcher a cushion and he can pitch with that lead."The slam was more than enough for Carlos Villanueva (3-0), who allowed two runs and six hits in 5 1-3 innings, walking one. He is 2-0 in three starts since moving into the Toronto rotation from the bullpen."It's very fine because we got the win, but still I'm a little upset that I haven't been able to go deeper in games. ... I didn't want to come out, but I understand, and we had a very comfortable lead at that point," Villanueva said.Arencibia's fifth-inning slam gave the Blue Jays a 7-0 lead against Orioles rookie Zach Britton, who has lost three straight decisions after starting the season 5-1."You're never scared of losing, but obviously we had lost two straight and you want to stay close in this division," Arencibia said.Even though Arencibia is batting only .255, the rookie catcher has 30 RBIs, among the most by a first-year player in the AL. Nineteen of his 41 hits have gone for extra bases."He's been extremely productive against left-handers and that was the case again tonight," Blue Jays manager John Farrell said of Arencibia. "He's done an excellent job at the plate and behind the plate, and tonight he had a very good game all-around."Toronto has won 21 of 27 games against the Orioles and is 16-3 in its last 19.J.J. Hardy homered for Baltimore, which has dropped six of seven games to fall five games below .500, matching a season high.Britton (5-4) allowed seven runs — five earned — and six hits over five innings, his shortest outing."I don't think I did a good job out there," Britton said. "Falling behind too many hitters. Watch on video and the hits I gave up were all balls out over the plate (and) up. That's what a good-hitting team does — they hit those pitches. ... The last two outings I haven't executed well and those are the results."Five of Toronto's runs came with two outs, a trend Orioles manager Buck Showalter wants to see corrected."It's something they're aware of and we're aware of," Showalter said. "It's not that they're backing off with two outs. It's just that we can't seem to make that putaway pitch, a lot of those with two strikes. We haven't done a good job of using those counts to our favor."Two miscues by the Orioles helped Toronto to a 2-0 lead in the second. After Juan Rivera's leadoff single, Arencibia reached on an error by third baseman Mark Reynolds. Aaron Hill singled in a run and Edwin Encarnacion grounded into a double play before Britton's wild pitch plated Arencibia.In the third, Yunel Escobar led off with a double, went to third on Corey Patterson's sacrifice bunt and scored on Rivera's sacrifice fly.Arencibia's slam broke the game open in the fifth. The Blue Jays loaded the bases on a walk to Escobar, a single by Jose Bautista and a walk to Rivera before Arencibia ripped Britton's 2-2 fastball into the seats in left.Villanueva didn't allow a hit until Hardy led off the fifth with a single to center, the first of four Baltimore hits in the inning. Hardy later scored on Robert Andino's two-out liner to left and a single by Adam Jones to make it 7-2.Escobar's broken-bat single in the sixth scored Davis, who had doubled with one out and stole third base.Hardy hit a two-run homer off Jason Frasor in the eighth.NOTES: After the game, the Blue Jays activated OF Adam Lind (lower back strain) from the 15-day DL and optioned IF Eric Thames to Triple-A Las Vegas. Farrell said Lind would serve as the designated hitter Saturday. ... Bautista walked twice, once intentionally, and leads the AL with 49. He has reached base safely in 46 of 49 games this season. ... Friday night marked the first meeting of the season between the AL East rivals. ... Toronto is 14-14 on the road. ... In 12 games since being activated from the DL on May 16, Toronto 2B Jayson Nix is 5 for 32. He went 0 for 4 Friday night. ... Orioles 1B Derrek Lee, sidelined since May 15 with a strained left oblique, began an injury rehabilitation assignment with Double-A Bowie on Friday, going 2 for 3 with a walk as the DH. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Jeremy Guthrie walks to the mound after giving up a three run home run to Toronto Blue Jay's Yunel Escobar in the fourth inning of a baseball game Sunday, June 5, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Leaving the bullpen for his start against the Toronto Blue Jays, Jeremy Guthrie had no clue that he was in store for a very difficult afternoon."My warmup pitches went well, as well as my pregame routine," the Baltimore Orioles right-hander said.He retired the first two batters, which turned out to be equally deceptive.Guthrie gave up six runs and nine hits in five innings, and the Orioles lost 7-4 Sunday — their seventh defeat in nine games since reaching the .500 mark on May 26.Guthrie allowed at least one hit in every inning, including a three-run homer to Yunel Escobar and a solo shot to Adam Lind. He began his outing by retiring Escobar and Corey Patterson on fly balls, but very little went right after that."I had it for four pitches; two outs on four pitches," Guthrie said. "The next 85 didn't go as successfully as those first few."It was only the third time in 12 starts that Guthrie (2-8) didn't make it past the fifth inning."Jeremy wasn't carrying normal stuff. It was kind of a struggle for him most every inning," manager Buck Showalter said. "He was kind of wild in the strike zone and paid the price."Mark Reynolds hit a ninth-inning home run and Robert Andino had two of Baltimore's six hits. But the Orioles went 1 for 6 with runners in scoring position and stranded six."We were always just one pitch away," Showalter said.Lind went 4 for 4 with two homers and three RBIs, and Edwin Encarnacion had three hits for the Blue Jays, who took two of three from the last-place Orioles.Lind missed nearly a month with a sore back before being activated from the DL after Friday night's game. He went hitless on Saturday before getting two singles and two solo homers in the series finale."When you look at today's game, it looks like he hasn't even missed any time," Toronto manager John Farrell said. "What a beautiful swing. ... He was on every pitch today."It was Lind's second multihomer game of the season and the sixth of his career. Eight of his nine home runs have come in his last 13 games."I felt good today. I didn't miss my pitches," Lind said. "It was just nice to feel good all game."Jo-Jo Reyes (2-4) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1-3 innings to earn his second straight victory after going 28 consecutive starts without a win. The left-hander walked four and struck out three.Guthrie, meanwhile, fell to 2-7 lifetime against the Jays."It was just one of those days when you don't feel like you have it all together," he said. "I had no command down. I could throw strikes, but they were typically up."After Guthrie gave up an RBI single to Aaron Hill in the first inning, Baltimore used an RBI double by Vladimir Guerrero and a run-scoring groundout by Derrek Lee to take a 2-1 lead in the bottom half.In the third inning, Patterson singled and Jose Bautista walked before Lind tied it with an RBI single.Escobar made it 5-2 in the fourth with his seventh home run, a drive to left with two on and two outs. He hit four homers last season.NOTES: Baltimore was outscored 27-9 in the first inning before Sunday. ... Bautista has reached base via hit, walk or HBP in 48 of 51 games this season. ... Toronto is 17-4 against Baltimore since the start of the 2010 season. ... Orioles LF Luke Scott was unavailable after getting an injection in his ailing right shoulder. Showalter said Scott should be able to play Monday against Oakland. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays pitcher Ricky Romero reacts after giving up a grand slam to the Baltimore Orioles in the sixth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, June 4, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 5-3. MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — One pitch cost Ricky Romero.With the Toronto Blue Jays up 3-1 in the sixth and the bases-loaded, Romero threw a cut fastball to Mark Reynolds. Big mistake.For the first time in 2,166 career at-bats, Reynolds hit a grand slam, and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Blue Jays 5-3.It was Reynolds' eighth homer of the season. He was previously 6 for 52 with the bases loaded and 26 strikeouts."You can have your best stuff out there and it can still work against you. One pitch can cost you the game," Romero said. "I feel like I let the team down."Romero (5-5) lost for the first time in his last five starts. He held the Orioles, who had lost six of seven, to a run and six hits through five innings."They've been playing good all game and it's my job to get out of that situation. I've been in those situations before," Romero said.Romero struck out Reynolds twice, but it's the grand slam that Toronto will remember."That's a big swing," Blue Jays manager John Farrell said. "The one swing of the bat was the difference tonight."Romero pitched 7 2-3 innings, allowing five runs on 11 hits. He struck out five and walked three.Arrieta (7-3), allowed three runs on five hits, walking four and striking out one. While his line didn't look impressive, he got better as he went along — retiring his last seven batters.Jim Johnson pitched a perfect seventh. Koji Uehara allowed a hit and then struck out the side in the eighth. Kevin Gregg allowed two hits in the ninth, but retired the final two batters for his 10th save in 13 chances.Vladimir Guerrero singled to lead off the sixth. Derrek Lee and Matt Wieters singled to load the bases. J.J. Hardy bounced to third, and Guerrero was forced at the plate. Reynolds, who was batting .115 with the bases loaded in his career, hit the slam.Arrieta fell behind quickly. The game's second batter — Corey Patterson hit an 0-2 pitch over the right field scoreboard for a 1-0 lead. It was Patterson's fifth of the year. He had three hits.In the second, Rajai Davis' sacrifice fly scored Juan Rivera for the second Toronto run.Baltimore scored in the second when Hardy's infield out scored Lee.Arrieta escaped from a bases-loaded, none out jam when Rivera grounded into a rare 5-2-3 double play and J.P. Arrencibia flied to right."We missed a golden opportunity early on with the bases loaded and nobody out — to their credit," Farrell said.In the fourth, Davis, who had three hits on Friday night, reached on a fielder's choice. He stole second and third, and scored on Mike McCoy's RBI single.NOTES: Baltimore reactivated Lee from the 15-day disabled list and optioned LHP Pedro Viola to Double A-Bowie. Lee, whose rehab assignment to Bowie, lasted just one game, was 2 for 4 with two runs scored. "I didn't feel any pain, woke up today fine and they brought me back," Lee said. Manager Buck Showalter joked about the 6-foot-5 Lee, "He's probably the biggest leadoff hitter in the Eastern League," Showalter said. .... Orioles 2B Brian Roberts, who's been on the DL with a concussion since May 17, will fly to Pittsburgh on Tuesday for a reexamination, Showalter said. ... Toronto 2B Adam Lind was 0 for 3 with a walk in his first game after missing nearly four weeks with back stiffness. Lind said he was frightened when he was in the doctor's office. "No mom, no dad in the room, no wife. You're just sitting there all alone." ... Baltimore OF Nick Markakis has a hit in 159 straight series — the most since Seattle OF Ichiro Suzuki hit in 160 consecutive series. ... The Orioles and Blue Jays have split the first two games of the three-game series. The previous eight series between the teams were sweeps. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  U.C.L.A. Pitcher and Former Yankees Pick Taken No. 1 by Pirates  By BENJAMIN HOFFMANJUNE 6, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Gerrit Cole was just 6-8 for U.C.L.A. this season, but he struck out 119 batters in 1141/3 innings. He was taken 28th over all by the Yankees in 2008, but elected to attend college instead.   Credit             Christian Petersen/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  SECAUCUS, N.J. — Given the choice of a pitcher with a 100-mile-per-hour fastball, a third baseman with speed and power, or a two-sport star who may choose not to play baseball, the Pittsburgh Pirates went with the ace, selecting U.C.L.A.’s Gerrit Cole with the first pick in the Major League Baseball draft Monday.Cole, 20, a 6-foot-4 right-hander, was just 6-8 this season for the Bruins, but he struck out 119 batters in 1141/3 innings and regularly pitched in the high 90s. He will join last year’s top picks by the Pirates, Jameson Taillon and Stetson Allie, in what looks to be a potentially dominant crop of young pitchers who could soon join Charlie Morton, an emerging star, in Pittsburgh’s rotation.Cole was told of the pick about 30 minutes before the draft but kept the news to himself.“I actually didn’t tell my family because I wanted to keep them in suspense a little bit,” he said on a conference call, “but obviously, it’s one of the most memorable phone calls I’ll ever receive.”In 2009, the Pirates were thought by some to be taking an inferior player in order to save money when they drafted catcher Tony Sanchez No. 4 over all. Pittsburgh subsequently gave him just a $2.5 million bonus. Photo       The Royals' pick Bubba Starling may play college football.  Credit             Orlin Wagner/Associated Press           Last year, the Pirates turned that around and took Taillon with the No. 2 overall pick and gave him $6.5 million, the largest bonus in franchise history. In the second round, they selected Allie, signing him to a $2.25 million bonus that was the most the team had paid for a player outside the first round. Pirates General Manager Neal Huntington credited the team’s owner, Robert Nutting, with being willing to spend money on draft picks. “He’s allowing us to build it the right way,” Huntington said on a conference call, “and we owe him our appreciation.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      This was the fourth time in the draft era that the Pirates have had the first overall pick, previously selecting Bryan Bullington in 2002, Kris Benson in 1996 and Jeff King in 1986. Bullington and Benson were busts, with Benson compiling a 43-49 record for Pittsburgh before being traded and Bullington going 0-3 in two seasons before being waived.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Mariners surprised the crowd at MLB Network’s Studio 42 with the No. 2 pick, selecting Danny Hultzen, a left-hander out of the University of Virginia.“I don’t even know what to say right now; I’m completely speechless,” he said in a televised interview in which he looked shocked by the selection.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The top five was rounded out by the right-hander Trevor Bauer, Cole’s teammate, who went to the Arizona Diamondbacks; the high school right-hander Dylan Bundy, picked by the Baltimore Orioles; and the two-sport high school star Bubba Starling, who went to his hometown Kansas City Royals. Photo       Danny Hultzen, a left-hander at the University of Virginia, said, “I'm completely speechless” after being taken No. 2 by Seattle.  Credit             Andrew Shurtleff/FR 82550 AP, via Associated Press           It was the first time that pitchers were taken with each of the first four picks. Over all, 19 pitchers and 14 position players were drafted in the first round. Nineteen of the 33 first-rounders were selected out of college.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Starling, an 18-year-old outfielder from Gardner-Edgerton High School in Gardner, Kan., was one of the most intriguing players in the draft.A star quarterback and outfielder, Starling has committed to playing quarterback for Nebraska next season. That, combined with Scott Boras’s being his representative, has led many to think that he will be a difficult player to sign, possibly looking for money on the level of the recent top picks Bryce Harper and Stephen Strasburg.Evoking memories of Bo Jackson, who made his debut for the Royals 25 years ago, Starling is a 6-foot-4 power hitter with blazing speed (a reported 4.36-second 40-yard dash). But he has yet to make up his mind about which sport he is going to pursue.Starling’s high school baseball coach, Jerald VanRheem, would not speculate where he thought Starling, who hit .481 in his senior season, would end up, but said by e-mail, “He will make the best decision for him and his family.” Photo       Trevor Bauer, Cole's teammate, was picked by Arizona.  Credit             Nati Harnik/Associated Press           The drafting of Cole had to come as a blow to the Yankees, who selected him out of high school with the 28th pick in the 2008 draft but were unable to sign him when he chose to go to college. They had planned on offering him a large bonus, but Cole chose not to negotiate with them.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “The draft three years ago was obviously somewhat unexpected, but I feel like the Yankees handled that with a lot of class,” Cole said. “I feel like it was the correct decision.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Adding insult to injury, the Yankees were forced to surrender their first-round pick this season, 31st over all, to Tampa Bay in exchange for signing the free-agent reliever Rafael Soriano. That was one of 9 compensation picks and 10 over all that the Rays had among the 60 picks on the first day of the draft. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Tampa Bay used the pick on Mikie Mahtook, a center fielder from Louisiana State.Soriano, meanwhile, was off to a terrible start for the Yankees before being shut down indefinitely with elbow soreness.In a surprise, Anthony Rendon, the top-rated player in the draft according to Baseball America, fell to the Washington Nationals with the No. 6 pick. Rendon, a third baseman from Rice, was primarily a designated hitter this season because of a shoulder injury. His home run total fell from 26 as a sophomore to 6 this year.The draft will continue Tuesday with Rounds 2-30, and Wednesday with Rounds 31-50.  A version of this article appears in print on June 7, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: U.C.L.A. Pitcher and Former Yankees Pick Taken No. 1 by Pirates.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          ON BASEBALL   Erstad, Nebraska’s New Coach, JUNE 6, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles Robert Andino is safe at second as Oakland Athletics Mark Ellis stays on the bag in the second inning of a baseball game Monday, June 6, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — There might come a time in the near future when Brian Matusz can go deeper in games and perhaps finish what he started.For now, the left-hander will have to be content with doing quality work in shorter spurts before giving way to the Baltimore bullpen.Matusz and three relievers combined on a seven-hitter, and the Orioles beat Oakland 4-2 Monday night to extend the Athletics' losing streak to a season-high seven games.Matusz (1-0) allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings in his second start of the season. He spent the first two months on the DL with a strained left oblique muscle."Well, I went out there and was able to go as deep as I can and give the team a chance to win. That's all you ask for," Matusz said. "Obviously I'd like to be able to go longer, help out the bullpen a little bit, but they did a great job."The 24-year-old was lifted in the sixth after giving up successive one-out singles to Kurt Suzuki and pinch-hitter Scott Sizemore, who was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento hours earlier. Jim Johnson entered and got Adam Rosales to bounce into a 1-6-3 double play.Johnson retired the side in order in the seventh, Koji Uehara worked a perfect eighth and Kevin Gregg got three straight outs for his 11th save."It's a lot of fun playing like that," said Matusz, who has won seven straight decisions dating back to last August.Matt Wieters had two hits, an RBI and scored a run for the Orioles, who took a 4-0 lead after two innings against Gio Gonzalez (5-4).Baltimore had lost 20 of its last 24 games against Oakland and was swept in a three-game series last week.Rosales homered for the A's, who have lost 15 of 19 to fall a season-worst seven games under .500 (27-34)."Each one it's something different," manager Bob Geren said. "The majority were well-pitched games. Tonight we got two runs. It's a combination — we haven't played well the past week, the total package. We have to play better."There was one positive note: Rosales played in his first game of the year after a stint on the disabled list with a broken right foot.The Orioles took a 1-0 lead with an unearned first-inning run. After shortstop Cliff Pennington muffed a potential double-play grounder, Vladimir Guerrero hit a two-out RBI single.Baltimore made it 4-0 in the second. Derrek Lee led off with a single, stole second and continued to third on an overthrow by Suzuki. Wieters followed with an RBI single, J.J. Hardy singled, and both moved up on a wild pitch before Nolan Reimold hit a sacrifice fly and Nick Markakis singled in a run.The A's two errors gave them 45 for the season. Oakland started the day with the second-most errors in the AL, two behind Texas.Rosales connected in the fourth with a man on. It was his first home run since July 18, 2010, at Kansas City."Obviously that homer was exciting. It got us back in the game," Geren said. "I like the energy he brings and the talent also. Very nice impact the first game. It was a losing cause but he was a highlight reel."Gonzalez gave up four runs, three earned, and nine hits in seven innings. He permitted only three hits over his last five innings."Once I started getting in the groove I started attacking the zone," Gonzalez said. "It's just one of those situations — they're aggressive, they're swinging the bats, they just got a bunch of hits."NOTES: Oakland 2B Mark Ellis left in the sixth inning with a right hamstring strain. ... To make room for Rosales and Sizemore on the 25-man roster, the A's optioned third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff and right-hander Fautino De Los Santos to Sacramento. ... Markakis has hit in 160 consecutive series, the longest active streak in the majors. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles Robert Andino is safe at second as Oakland Athletics Mark Ellis stays on the bag in the second inning of a baseball game Monday, June 6, 2011 in Baltimore.MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Adam Rosales would have preferred to celebrate his return from the disabled list with a victory.Instead, he had to settle for personal glory during an otherwise dreary night for the Oakland Athletics.Rosales homered in his long-awaited first game of the year, but that was the extent of Oakland's offense Monday night in a 4-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles that extended the A's skid to a season-high seven games.Rosales had been sidelined since spring training with a fractured right foot. He came off the 60-day DL on Monday, promptly joined the starting lineup at third base and hit a two-run shot to bring Oakland to 4-2 in the fourth inning."It was good to get back and try to help the momentum a little bit," he said. "I was a little nervous, but it felt good to go all nine. There was a lot of adrenaline to hit a ball like that. It was exciting."Rosales contributed on defense, too — no small accomplishment for a team that started the day with 43 errors, second-most in the AL."Obviously that homer was exciting. It got us back in the game," manager Bob Geren said. "He also made a great play at third. I like the energy he brings and the talent also. Very nice impact the first game. It was a losing cause but he was a highlight reel."Brian Matusz and three relievers combined on a seven-hitter to help Baltimore beat Oakland for only the fifth time in the last 25 meetings.Matusz (1-0) allowed two runs and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings in his second start of the season. He spent the first two months on the DL with a strained left oblique muscle.The 24-year-old was lifted in the sixth after giving up successive one-out singles to Kurt Suzuki and pinch-hitter Scott Sizemore, who was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento hours earlier. Jim Johnson entered and got Rosales to bounce into a 1-6-3 double play.Johnson retired the side in order in the seventh, Koji Uehara worked a perfect eighth and Kevin Gregg got three straight outs for his 11th save."It's a lot of fun playing like that," said Matusz, who has won seven straight decisions dating back to last August.Matt Wieters had two hits, an RBI and scored a run for the Orioles, who took a 4-0 lead after two innings against Gio Gonzalez (5-4).Gonzalez gave up four runs, three earned, and nine hits in seven innings. He permitted only three hits over his last five innings."Once I started getting in the groove I started attacking the zone," Gonzalez said. "It's just one of those situations — they're aggressive, they're swinging the bats, they just got a bunch of hits."It all added up to the 15th loss in 19 games for the A's, who fell a season-worst seven games under .500 (27-34)."Each one it's something different," Geren said of the slide. "The majority were well-pitched games. Tonight we got two runs. It's a combination — we haven't played well the past week, the total package. We have to play better."The Orioles took a 1-0 lead with an unearned first-inning run. After shortstop Cliff Pennington muffed a potential double-play grounder, Vladimir Guerrero hit a two-out RBI single.Baltimore made it 4-0 in the second. Derrek Lee led off with a single, stole second and continued to third on an overthrow by Suzuki. Wieters followed with an RBI single, J.J. Hardy singled, and both moved up on a wild pitch before Nolan Reimold hit a sacrifice fly and Nick Markakis singled in a run.The A's two errors gave them 45 for the season. Oakland started the day with the second-most errors in the AL, two behind Texas.Rosales connected in the fourth with a man on. It was his first home run since July 18, 2010, at Kansas City.NOTES: Oakland 2B Mark Ellis left in the sixth inning with a right hamstring strain. ... To make room for Rosales and Sizemore on the 25-man roster, the A's optioned third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff and right-hander Fautino De Los Santos to Sacramento. ... Markakis has hit in 160 consecutive series, the longest active streak in the majors. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Roberts shut down for at least two more weeksConcussion symptoms to keep second baseman from starting baseball activities during that spanJune 07, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunOrioles second baseman Brian Roberts, who hasn't played since incurring concussion symptoms after sliding headfirst into first base May 16, has been shut down from baseball activities for at least two more weeks. Roberts was re-examined by sports concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins in Pittsburgh on Tuesday, and, though he can begin cardio and weight work soon, the leadoff man will not pick up a baseball for two more weeks, at the earliest. "I wouldn't call it bad news," manager Buck Showalter said. "We knew the process that we were going to have. We'll follow the doctor's suggestions." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Roberts played in just 59 games last year because of myriad injuries, including a herniated disk in his back and a late-season concussion suffered when he hit himself in the helmet with a bat. The two-time All-Star has played in just 39 games this year and is batting .221 with three homers and 19 RBIs. On the 15-day disabled list, he could join the team on this homestand for a few days, then return to Sarasota, Fla. Showalter has not ruled out Roberts' returning to the Orioles before the All-Star break. Feeling a draft, Day 2 Baseball's annual amateur draft continued Tuesday with rounds two through 30, and the Orioles continued to load up on pitching. Including first-round pick Dylan Bundy, who was selected fourth overall Monday, 15 of the Orioles' first 30 picks were pitchers. Twelve of those are from colleges or junior colleges. The Orioles chose 10 right-handers, five lefties, six outfielders, four third baseman, three shortstops and two catchers. Overall, they selected 21 college players (including several from junior colleges) and nine high schoolers. "I like the guys we've got," amateur scouting director Joe Jordan said. "It takes a little time to absorb it all and get a look at it. But we got a lot of our targets, some gut-feels that our scouts were really high on and that we really like." With their second-round pick, the Orioles selected Vanderbilt shortstop Jason Esposito, who projects as an above-average defensive third baseman because of his good hands and strong arm, Jordan said. Once thought to be a first-round pick, Esposito's status slipped a little this past year as questions arose about whether he would hit consistently in the majors. A 6-foot-2, 200-pound, right-handed hitter, Esposito batted .362 with eight homers and 55 RBIs in 60 games for Vanderbilt this year. "He certainly looks the part. Big, strong kid," Showalter said. "I know going into the draft, before the year started, he was talked [about] kind of along with the kid at Rice [Anthony Rendon] as one of the better college [infielders]." The Orioles then selected three consecutive college pitchers: right-hander Mike Wright of East Carolina, righty Kyle Simon of Arizona and lefty Matt Taylor of Middle Georgia (Junior) College. Their next pick, in the sixth round (185th overall), was one of the club's more intriguing selections: high school third baseman-catcher Nick Delmonico, who was considered a second-round talent by Baseball America. The son of former Tennessee head coach Rod Delmonico, the 18-year-old is considered a difficult singing because he has committed to Georgia. "He was on the board in the sixth round because of his bonus expectations," Jordan said. "But we said, 'Let's do this and see what we can work out this summer.'" Other notable Orioles draft picks on the second day include: John Carroll graduate Kevin Hockaday, a 6-foot-3 third baseman, in the 14th round and Johnny Ruettiger, an outfielder from Arizona State, in the eighth round. His uncle is Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger of Notre Dame and movie fame. Hardy leads off for first time Shortstop J.J. Hardy asked catcher Matt Wieters where they were hitting in Tuesday's lineup, and Wieters told him sixth and seventh, respectively. As reporters approached Hardy, Wieters came rushing back and whispered, "You're batting leadoff." "What?" Hardy said, laughing. "I'm glad he told me." It was newsworthy because Hardy had not batted leadoff in 703 career games. He said he would keep the same approach, though he joked that he might just swing on the first pitch in his first at-bat. "I'm not going to look at it any differently than any other at-bat," he said. "Maybe the first at-bat of the game might be a little bit different, but after that, it's just another at-bat." He waited for the second pitch to make an impact, hitting his fifth homer of the season and, of course, the first leadoff home run of his career. Showalter said he decided to bat Hardy first "out of necessity." Robert Andino and Felix Pie also have hit leadoff in Roberts' absence, but neither was in Tuesday's lineup. "We have kind of pieced that spot together until we get Brian back. And that's probably the least disruptive to the rest of the group," Showalter said of Hardy's leading off. "And he is swinging the bat well. We don't have really a conventional guy." Scott in left field1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosOakland Athletics pitcher Guillermo Moscoso delivers against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, June 7, 2011 in Baltimore.(AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Oakland Athletics couldn't get more than one hit in any inning against Baltimore, and many of their hard-hit balls went directly into the glove of one of the Orioles.The result was a hauntingly familiar 4-0 defeat Tuesday night that extended the A's losing streak to a season-high eight games."It seems like it's been happening like that all year, especially the last couple of weeks," Oakland center fielder Ryan Sweeney lamented. "We're having good at bats but can't put anything together and hit it right at somebody."Chris Jakubauskas pitched five innings of three-hit ball and the Orioles hit three solo homers to move into position to complete a three-game sweep Wednesday. Baltimore had lost eight straight series to Oakland since July 2007.Jakubauskas (1-0) came into the game with a 6.39 ERA over five appearances, all in relief. He was pressed into duty because the Orioles are carrying only four starters and were playing for a fifth straight day.Operating against Oakland's anemic offense, Jakubauskas looked like the ace of the Baltimore staff. The A's, who have averaged three runs per game while batting .217 during their eight-game skid, absorbed their seventh shutout loss of the season."We didn't hit the ball extremely well, but when we did it was definitely right at somebody," Oakland manager Bob Geren said. "They had some homers and we couldn't link any hits together. Made plays defensively, but nothing on the scoreboard."The last time Jakubauskas started a game was on April 24, 2010, with the Pittsburgh Pirates. In that game, the right-hander was struck in the head by a liner off the bat of Lance Berkman in the first inning and carted off the field.Against Oakland, Jakubauskas had a two-hit shutout in the fifth inning when Cliff Pennington smacked a line drive that hit the pitcher above his left ankle."There were some choice words that went through my mind after it happened, but I try to keep those as quiet as I could," Jakubauskas said. "It was more of just, 'I can't believe this. Really? Again I get hit?'"After consulting with trainer Richie Bancells and manager Buck Showalter, Jakubauskas took a few warmup tosses and finished his outing by retiring Jemile Weeks for the third out.It was enough to get him his first win in the majors since 2009 with Seattle.J.J. Hardy and Luke Scott connected against Guillermo Moscoso (2-2), and Adam Jones made it 3-0 in the sixth with a drive off Michael Wuertz. Mark Reynolds added an RBI double in the seventh against Craig Breslow.The eight-game slide is Oakland's longest since an identical skid from Sept. 27, 2009, to April 5, 2010. The A's are 5-15 since May 17.Making his major league debut, Weeks went 0 for 4 in the leadoff spot. Weeks, the 12th overall pick in the 2008 draft, had his contract purchased from Triple-A Sacramento before the game. The second baseman is the younger brother of Milwaukee Brewers second baseman Rickie Weeks.After Jakubauskas left, Clay Rapada retired two batters in the sixth, Jeremy Accardo worked 2 1-3 innings and Koji Uehara got the final three outs to complete the five-hitter.Batting at the top of the order for the first time this season, Hardy hit his first career leadoff homer, a drive to left that provided Baltimore with a lead it would not relinquish.Scott hit his seventh homer of the season — the first since May 3 — leading off the fifth. The drive traveled an estimated 418 feet and landed on Eutaw Street beyond the 25-foot wall in right field.Moscoso allowed two runs and five hits in five innings. Coming into the game, he had not given up a home run this season over 14 innings."I missed two pitches and I paid for it," he said."He threw great tonight," Sweeney said. "We just didn't score any runs for him."Notes: The A's placed LHP Brett Anderson (sore elbow) and 2B Mark Ellis (strained right hamstring) on the 15-day disabled list. ... Actor Ed Harris threw out the ceremonial first pitch. ... Eight of Baltimore's last 10 home runs have been solo shots. 
3 View photosOakland Athletics pitcher Guillermo Moscoso delivers against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, June 7, 2011 in Baltimore.(AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — If Chris Jakubauskas can figure out a way to avoid getting hit by line drives, he just might have a future as a starter in the major leagues.Jakubauskas pitched five scoreless innings, J.J. Hardy, Luke Scott and Adam Jones hit solo homers, and the Baltimore Orioles beat Oakland 4-0 Tuesday night to stretch the Athletics' losing streak to a season-high eight games.Jakubauskas (1-0) came into the game with a 6.39 ERA over five appearances, all in relief. He was pressed into duty because the Orioles are carrying only four starters and were playing for a fifth straight day.The last time Jakubauskas started a game was on April 24, 2010, with the Pittsburgh Pirates. In that game, the right-hander was struck in the head by a liner off the bat of Lance Berkman in the first inning and carted off the field.Against Oakland, Jakubauskas had a two-hit shutout in the fifth inning when Cliff Pennington smacked a line drive that hit the pitcher above his left ankle."There were some choice words that went through my mind after it happened, but I tried to keep those as quiet as I could," Jakubauskas said. "It was more of just, 'I can't believe this. Really? Again I get hit?'"After consulting with trainer Richie Bancells and manager Buck Showalter, Jakubauskas took a few warmup tosses and finished his outing by retiring Jemile Weeks for the third out.It was enough to get him his first win in the majors since 2009 with Seattle."I knew what it was: spot start, go out, try and get five or six innings, save the 'pen so we don't have to use (Alfredo) Simon or anyone else for too long. Luckily, it went that way," Jakubauskas said.He gave up three hits, walked one and struck out four."It definitely felt good to get back out, start a game and let it be mine from minute one," he said.Jones had three hits for the Orioles, who will try to complete a three-game sweep Wednesday night. Baltimore had lost eight straight series to Oakland since July 2007.Hardy and Scott connected against Guillermo Moscoso (2-2), and Jones made it 3-0 in the sixth with a drive off Michael Wuertz. Mark Reynolds added an RBI double in the seventh against Craig Breslow.The eight-game slide is Oakland's longest since an identical skid from Sept. 27, 2009, to April 5, 2010. The A's are 5-15 since May 17.Oakland didn't get more than one hit in an inning, and seemingly every time the A's made good contact, the ball went right at an Oriole."It seems like it's been happening like that all year — especially the last couple of weeks," center fielder Ryan Sweeney said. "We're having good at-bats but can't put anything together and hit it right at somebody."Making his major league debut, Weeks went 0 for 4 in the leadoff spot. Weeks, the 12th overall pick in the 2008 draft, had his contract purchased from Triple-A Sacramento before the game. The second baseman is the younger brother of Milwaukee Brewers second baseman Rickie Weeks.After Jakubauskas left, Clay Rapada retired two batters in the sixth, Jeremy Accardo worked 2 1-3 innings and Koji Uehara got the final three outs to complete the five-hitter.Before the game, the Orioles learned that it will be at least two more weeks before leadoff hitter Brian Roberts can resume baseball-related activities. Roberts received the news in a consultation with concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins in Pittsburgh.Robert Andino and Felix Pie had been used atop the order in Roberts' absence, but Showalter decided to use Hardy "out of necessity."The move paid immediate dividends. After a first-pitch strike, Hardy hit his first career leadoff homer, a drive to left that provided Baltimore with a lead it would not relinquish.Scott hit his seventh homer of the season — the first since May 3 — leading off the fifth. The drive traveled an estimated 418 feet and landed on Eutaw Street beyond the 25-foot wall in right field.Moscoso allowed two runs and five hits in five innings. Coming into the game, he had not given up a home run this season over 14 innings."He threw great tonight," Sweeney said. "We just didn't score any runs for him."NOTES: The A's placed LHP Brett Anderson (sore elbow) and 2B Mark Ellis (strained right hamstring) on the 15-day disabled list. ... Actor Ed Harris threw out the ceremonial first pitch. ... Eight of Baltimore's last 10 home runs have been solo shots. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Buster Olney says Dylan Bundy is 2011 MLB draft's best prospectJune 08, 2011Here at Baltimore Sports Blitz, it’s all Bundy, all the time. Well, at least for the rest of the week. But I’m sure you don’t mind me passing along more information on Orioles first-round draft pick Dylan Bundy, a high school pitcher out of Oklahoma that ESPN’s Buster Olney believes was the best prospect in the 2011 draft.“In the eyes of a lot of the scouting directors and general managers around baseball, the best player in the draft was Dylan Bundy,” Olney said in an appearance on “The Scott Van Pelt Show” on Wednesday.“I had one general manager actually say to me that Dylan Bundy, in his eyes, is the best pitching prospect that he has ever seen,” Olney said. “And this is not a hyperbole scout. This is someone who three years ago told me that [Nationals pitcher Stephen] Strasburg was the best prospect that he had ever seen. He said, 'Look, to see a kid this young, this refined who throws that hard is incredibly impressive.'" var adSkipCounter = 0; Olney said the knock on Bundy is that he is six-foot-1, which might be why he was still on the board when the Orioles made the fourth pick in the draft. According to Olney, Bundy, who said Wednesday that he wants to plunk Nationals prospect Bryce Harper, was the top prospect on a number of draft boards.“So if you are a fan of the Baltimore Orioles, you can look at the possibility that within three years, they’ll have a rotation of Brian Matusz and Zach Britton and Dylan Bundy,” Olney said.“And that’s pretty impressive.”Go ahead and dream, Orioles fans, and feel free to project your 2014 Orioles rotation in the comments section below.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosOakland Athletics pitcher Josh Outman delivers against the Baltimore Orioles in the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, June 8, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Just over a week after being humiliated in Oakland, the Baltimore Orioles pushed aside the struggling Athletics to pull off a sweep of their own.Rookie Zach Britton took a four-hitter into the seventh inning, Mark Reynolds homered, and the Orioles beat the Athletics 3-2 on Wednesday night to stretch Oakland's losing streak to nine games.The Athletics haven't won since outscoring Baltimore 16-8 during a three-game sweep on May 27-29. In the rematch at Camden Yards, Oakland managed only four runs in three games and never held the lead."The first series with them we didn't hit in certain situations and we didn't make key pitches in certain situations," Orioles closer Kevin Gregg said. "We really gave away three games to them at their place. Here, we played the game right."And Oakland did not."They outscored us, they outpitched us, they outhit us," A's manager Bob Geren said. "That equals losses."The trio of defeats left the Athletics mired in their longest slide since a 10-game run in 2008."It's the way the game goes," Oakland starter Josh Outman said. "Once we get a couple wins, we'll get our swagger back and will get back some of our confidence."A's second baseman Jemile Weeks went 2 for 3 and scored both Oakland runs. The former first-round draft pick went hitless in his major league debut Tuesday night."I am excited. This is something I hope to do all season as long as I am here," Weeks said. "This is what they want to see from me, and it's what I do."J.J. Hardy drove in a run for the Orioles, who have won four of five. It was their first three-game sweep of the A's in Baltimore since July 21-23, 1998."It feels good to get wins," catcher Matt Wieters said. "We got some good starting pitching and a good bullpen in this series. If our starting pitching keeps throwing like it did this series, then we're going to be a lot better ball club."Britton (6-4) allowed four hits and two walks in 6 1-3 innings. The left-hander, who tied his career high with six strikeouts, was 0-3 in six starts since May 1.Asked to assess his performance, Britton said, "I thought it was pretty good, obviously better than the previous couple outings."Jim Johnson gave up an unearned run in 1 2-3 innings and Gregg worked a perfect ninth for his 12th save.Baltimore got all its runs in the fifth inning against Outman (1-1). Vladimir Guerrero hit a leadoff single, advanced on a two-out wild pitch and scored on a single by Hardy. Reynolds followed with his 10th home run.Oakland ended a string of 19 straight scoreless innings in the sixth. After singles by Weeks and Coco Crisp put runners at the corners with no outs, Daric Barton hit into a 4-6-3 double play.The A's closed to 3-2 in the eighth. Left fielder Nolan Reimold misjudged a line drive by Weeks for a three-base error and Crisp followed with a sacrifice fly.The A's made two exceptional fielding plays in the early going. Crisp tracked down a liner to deep center by Guerrero, and shortstop Cliff Pennington dived deep in the hole to snare a grounder before rising to his feet and throwing out Hardy.Backed with that kind of defensive support and aided by a double play, Outman faced the minimum 12 batters through four innings.But Baltimore broke open the scoreless duel in the fifth.Outman allowed three runs and five hits in six innings. Oakland starters are 0-8 with a 6.88 ERA during the nine-game losing streak.NOTES: The Orioles will put 1B Derrek Lee on the bereavement list Thursday so he can attend his grandfather's funeral in California. Baltimore is off Thursday, but Lee is expected to miss the entire three-game series against Tampa Bay that begins Friday night. ... Oakland's 14-24 record in night games is worst in the AL. ... Total attendance for the series was a meager 35,968. ... Oakland INF Andy LaRoche, who was designated for assignment on Sunday, cleared waivers and was outrighted to Triple-A Sacramento. ... Johnson has allowed only two earned runs in his last 16 appearances (21 IP). 
6  Per Ken Rosenthal (h/t to Hardball Talk), the Orioles, Nationals, and Yankees have expressed interested in utility infielder Bill Hall. Recently released by the Astros, Hall is a career below average hitter who had a few good years with Milwaukee in 2005ish. I have no personal observations on his defense, but various stats say that he's nothing special. From Rosenthal:  The Orioles’ interest stems from their  uncertainty over second baseman Brian Roberts, who is on the disabled  list with concussion-like symptoms.  Hall wouldn't cost the O's more than the league minimum, so the question is whether or not he'll help the team. Can Bill Hall provide more value to the O's than Robert Andino and Ryan Adams? I don't think that he can, and the fact that he is thirty-one years old and provides no future value to the Orioles makes the idea of this a head scratcher. He's four years older than Andino and seven years older than Adams, and I'm loath to take opportunities away from either of them in favor of Hall.     
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles shortstop J.J. Hardy, left, tags out Tampa Bay Rays' Johnny Damon on a steal-attempt in the first inning of a baseball game on Friday, June 10, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Tampa Bay rookie Jeremy Hellickson had everything going for him as he took the mound against the Baltimore Orioles looking for his eighth win.The right-hander was 6-1 with a 1.74 ERA in his previous seven starts. He was 3-0 with a 1.25 ERA lifetime against Baltimore.Neither trend continued in the worst outing of Hellickson's major league career, and he didn't get his usual dose of offensive support either: The Rays mustered a season-low three hits in a 7-0 win on Friday night.Hellickson (7-4) gave up five runs, a career high-tying seven hits and three walks in 5 2-3 innings. The second pitch he threw was hit over the left-field wall by J.J. Hardy, and Nick Markakis added the clincher with a grand slam in the second inning."I just made a really bad pitch, and he made me pay for it," Hellickson said of the hanging curve to Markakis. "It was the only pitch I was upset with — and it's the biggest pitch of the game."Markakis had gone 88 at-bats without an extra-base hit since hitting a home run against Tampa Bay on May 15, and was mired in a 6-for-43 skid that dropped his batting average to .237.He drove in two runs in the eighth off Andy Sonnanstine to establish a new career high with six RBIs. He had six RBIs in his previous 27 games.Jake Arrieta (8-3) took a no-hitter into the sixth and ended up allowing two hits over seven innings."It was his day today," said John Jaso, who went 0 for 3. "He threw his pitches in hitters' counts. We were popping them up or hitting them right at somebody."Koji Uehara allowed one hit in the eighth and Mike Gonzalez worked a 30-pitch ninth to complete the three-hitter. It was the fewest hits Tampa Bay has mustered in a game this season.In his previous 15 starts, Hellickson allowed more than three earned runs only once — four runs on April 17 against Minnesota. Not only did he yield more runs than ever before, but he also surrendered two homers in a game for the first time.The one to Markakis, of course, hurt the most."One pitch," manager Joe Maddon lamented. "He wasn't sharp, but he got through it."There were few offensive highlights for the Rays, whose three-game winning streak ended. Tampa Bay had been averaging more than seven runs per game when Hellickson was on the mound, but the Rays were no match for Arrieta.Johnny Damon led off the first inning with a walk, extending to 35 his career-high streak of games reaching base — the longest active run in the majors and two games short of Ben Grieve's club record (in 2001). But he was thrown out trying to steal second.Arrieta struck out the side in the third. In the fourth, Ben Zobrist walked but was wiped out in a double play.The Rays threatened in the sixth. After Sam Fuld broke up the no-hitter with a leadoff double, Justin Ruggiano got an infield hit and Reid Brignac popped out. Damon followed with a grounder up the middle that Arrieta tipped with his glove. Second baseman Robert Andino got the rebound with a backhanded grab and flipped the ball to shortstop Hardy, whose relay to first base completed the 1-4-6-3 double play.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed by rain for 1 hour, 8 minutes. ... Rays RF Matt Joyce was a late scratch, one day after getting a cortisone shot in his left shoulder. ... Tampa Bay 3B Evan Longoria started for the first time since June 4. He was out with tightness in his left side and the flu. ... The Orioles recalled 1B Brandon Snyder from Triple-A Norfolk to fill in for Derrek Lee, who was placed on the bereavement list Thursday and is expected to miss the entire three-game series. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles shortstop J.J. Hardy, left, tags out Tampa Bay Rays' Johnny Damon on a steal-attempt in the first inning of a baseball game on Friday, June 10, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Nick Markakis had gotten in the habit of adjourning to the video room after games, looking for clues that might help him end a perplexing and prolonged slump.He put off the exercise Friday night to address the flock of reporters in front of his locker — a rare sight in the Baltimore Orioles clubhouse this season.Markakis ended an extended power outage with a grand slam and a two-run double, Jake Arrieta took a no-hitter into the sixth inning, and the surging Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 7-0.Markakis' third career slam, off rookie Jeremy Hellickson (7-4), put Baltimore up 5-0 in the second inning. Markakis had gone 88 at-bats without an extra-base hit since hitting a home run against Tampa Bay on May 15, and was mired in a 6-for-43 skid that dropped his batting average to .237.He drove in two runs in the eighth off Andy Sonnanstine to establish a new career high in RBIs with six. He had six RBIs in his previous 27 games.Asked if he was pleased, Markakis said, "I guess you could say it was a relief for me, but it was a relief for the whole team. We got a big hit in a big situation."Poring over game film for hours and taking extra batting practice paid off, but there was no guarantee his resurgence would last into the weekend."There's still a lot more hard work to come," he said. "I'm feeling better, but I still don't feel like I'm where I need to be. I'm just going to keep plugging away."J.J. Hardy hit his second leadoff homer for the Orioles, who have won four straight to get within a victory of .500 (31-32). Hardy reached base all five trips to the plate and scored three runs.Arrieta (8-3) faced the minimum 15 batters through five innings, walking two, before Sam Fuld led off the sixth with a double. The right-hander said he was thinking about the no-hitter since early in the game."You know you haven't given up a hit," he said. "I've had a few outings like that, where you don't give up a hit until the fifth or sixth and you sit there and think what if? What if tonight is the night? But you don't really let that get to you."He ended up allowing two hits over seven innings and moved into a tie with Boston's Jon Lester for the AL lead in wins.Koji Uehara allowed one hit in the eighth and Mike Gonzalez worked a 30-pitch ninth to complete the three-hitter. It was the fewest hits Tampa Bay has mustered in a game this season.Hellickson gave up five runs, a career high-tying seven hits and three walks in 5 2-3 innings. The right-hander was 6-1 with a 1.74 ERA in his previous seven starts and 3-0 with a 1.25 ERA lifetime against the Orioles, but neither trend continued in the worst outing of his big league career.In his previous 15 starts, Hellickson allowed more than three earned runs only once — four runs on April 17 against Minnesota. Not only did he yield more runs than ever before, but he also surrendered two homers in a game for the first time.The one to Markakis, of course, hurt the most."I just made a really bad pitch, and he made me pay for it," Hellickson said. "It was the only pitch I was upset with — and it's the biggest pitch of the game."Hellickson fell behind after throwing two pitches, the second one a hanging curveball that Hardy drove into the left-field seats. In his first career start in the leadoff spot Tuesday, Hardy began the game with a home run against Oakland's Guillermo Moscoso.Baltimore pulled away in the second. After a walk to Luke Scott, a double by Mark Reynolds and two-out walk to Hardy loaded the bases, Markakis hit a breaking pitch over the 25-foot scoreboard in right field.Hellickson had given up only one home run in his previous six starts."He wasn't sharp, but he got through it," Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon said.There were few offensive highlights for the Rays, whose three-game winning streak ended.Johnny Damon led off the first inning with a walk, extending to 35 his career-high streak of games reaching base — the longest active run in the majors and two games short of Ben Grieve's club record (in 2001). But he was thrown out trying to steal second base.Arrieta struck out the side in the third. In the fourth, Ben Zobrist walked but was wiped out in a double play.The Rays threatened in the sixth. After Fuld's double, Justin Ruggiano got an infield hit and Reid Brignac popped out. Damon followed with a grounder up the middle that Arrieta tipped with his glove. Second baseman Robert Andino got the rebound with a backhanded grab and flipped the ball to shortstop Hardy, whose relay to first base completed the 1-4-6-3 double play.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed by rain for 1 hour, 8 minutes. ... Rays RF Matt Joyce was a late scratch, one day after getting a cortisone shot in his left shoulder. ... Tampa Bay 3B Evan Longoria started for the first time since June 4. He was out with tightness in his left side and the flu. ... The Orioles recalled 1B Brandon Snyder from Triple-A Norfolk to fill in for Derrek Lee, who was placed on the bereavement list Thursday and is expected to miss the entire three-game series. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Change of scenery might benefit Guthrie, O'sJune 11, 2011|Peter SchmuckIt's only June, but it might be time for the Orioles to start seriously pondering the mystery that is Jeremy Guthrie. The veteran cornerstone of the starting rotation is 2-8 and — by all accounts — much better than that dismal won-loss record. He is a solid guy and a solid presence in the Orioles clubhouse. He's also a dependable innings eater who preserves the bullpen and handles the swings and errors of his outrageous fortune without public complaint or self pity. In other words, what's not to like, and yet you can make the case that the July 31 deadline for making trades without waivers can't get here soon enough, both for Guthrie and the team. var adSkipCounter = 0;  What? It never crossed your mind that the Orioles might benefit from dealing Guthrie at the deadline to beef up the offense or the position side of the organizational youth movement? It never occurred to you that Guthrie just might need a change of scenery to get out of this strange sub-.500 funk that largely is no fault of his own? It's almost impossible to explain, but the guy's Orioles career has been a study in statistical injustice. When he pitches well, the Orioles' offense takes the night off. When he makes a mistake, there never seems to be anyone around to pick him up. Sure, that kind of stuff is going to happen a lot when you play for a series of doormat teams — and you're matched up regularly against the best pitchers in the league — but not this much. Guthrie isn't totally blameless, of course. If you want to trot out the Orioles' .419 winning percentage over the course of his career (through Friday), you have to ask how Guthrie's winning percentage over that same period is only .417, despite finishing only one season with an ERA above 4.00. He can be his own worst enemy at times, but it's fair to wonder if he simply suffers from the baseball version of the Stockholm Syndrome and has psychologically adopted his team's losing identity. If you ask an old pitching coach, he'll probably tell you that winning pitchers find ways to win, which is pretty much what Mark Connor said when he was sizing up Guthrie at the end of spring training. "Jeremy is at a certain point in his career where it's time to become a winning pitcher,'' Connor told Dan Connolly of The Sun. "Pitchers really can't control wins so much, but I've been on some teams that were pretty bad that had a couple of guys that won more than they lost. He's pitched in the big leagues, he's been in the rotation three or four full years … it's time for him to be the guy and set an example." That's certainly easier said than done under the circumstances that have faced Guthrie during his 4½ seasons in Baltimore, so maybe he deserves the chance to find out just how good he could be in a more fertile environment than a perennial losing club in the toughest division in the sport. He'll definitely have value for all of the reasons already outlined here. If made available in July, he likely would be one of the top starting pitchers on the trade market and he would figure to be attractive to any contending team with a hole in its rotation. Don't know about you, but I'd like to see what he can do with consistent run support in a highly competitive situation. The alternative for the Orioles would be to keep him and figure out what to do with him as he heads into his free-agent walk year in 2012. Can they justify a rich, multi-year extension for a guy who has never had a full winning season in the major leagues? Do they want to pay him $7 million or so in his final year of arbitration eligibility to buy time while they wait for another of their young pitching prospects to pop? There's no easy answer, of course. Good pitching is hard to find and Guthrie is a good veteran starting pitcher. It's just getting harder and harder to imagine him reaching his full potential in an Orioles uniform. peter.schmuck@baltsun.com Listen to Peter Schmuck on "The Week in Review" on Friday's at noon on WBAL (1090AM) and WBAL.com.      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones misses a ball hit for an inside-the-park home run by Tampa Bay Rays' Evan Longoria during the eighth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, June 12, 2011, in Baltimore. The Rays won 9-6. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Brian Matusz acknowledged that very little went right during his brief and ineffective performance against the Tampa Bay Rays.He insisted he was healthy, however, even though the results — and some of the Rays — suggested otherwise.Matusz didn't make it out of the second inning, and the Baltimore Orioles couldn't generate enough offense to overcome his poor start Sunday in a 9-6 defeat.Making his third start since returning from the disabled list with an oblique injury, Matusz (1-1) gave up four runs, five hits and four walks in 1 1-3 innings. Riding a seven-game winning streak that started last August, the left-hander retired only three of the 13 batters he faced."From the get-go I didn't get a good feel, (not even) warming up in the bullpen," he said. "It was just one of those days where you've got to be able to battle without your good stuff. They were able to find some holes and get some things going early, and I just wasn't able to get on track today."Asked if he was physically sound, Matusz replied, "I'm 100 percent healthy."But Johnny Damon, who hit his 27th career leadoff homer for the Rays, said, "He went on the disabled list earlier this season and he hasn't regained the zip he had last year. Injuries take a toll on players. His fastball wasn't what it was last year and we happened to jump on it."Rays manager Joe Maddon added, "I think there might be something not quite right with Matusz. He's not throwing as hard as he used to. I'm certain that he's not feeling 100 percent. That's what I saw."Tampa Bay stole four bases in the first inning alone against Matusz, who acknowledged he needs to improve holding runners on base."It's not fair for guys like that when I'm just taking my time and trying to get into a groove," Matusz said.Evan Longoria hit an inside-the-park homer and Justin Ruggiano had three hits for the Rays, who won two of three from Baltimore to clinch their first winning road trip of 11 or more games since 2003. Tampa Bay is 6-4 on a four-city, 11-game journey that concludes with a makeup game in Detroit on Monday.Damon had two hits and scored twice. The 37-year-old has reached base in a career-best 37 consecutive games, tying the club record set by Ben Grieve in 2001.Longoria's first career inside-the-park homer came in the eighth with a man on and put Tampa Bay up 9-5. His liner to center curled past a hard-charging Adam Jones, and the ball rolled to the wall as Longoria circled the bases."I had a shot at it. I just missed the ball," Jones said.Longoria reached the plate well ahead of the final relay throw. It was the third inside-the-park homer in the 20-year history of Camden Yards; Butch Davis did it for Texas in 1993 and Detroit's Shane Halter hit one in 2003."You hit balls like that in batting practice all the time, where it comes off the bat and has that knuckle action," Longoria said. "But it doesn't happen too often in games."Tampa Bay starter Wade Davis (5-5) allowed five runs, four earned, and eight hits in six-plus innings. He's 4-0 lifetime in Baltimore and 2-2 overall against the Orioles this season.J.P. Howell got three outs for his first save. Kyle Farnsworth was not available because of the flu.Jones, Vladimir Guerrero and Luke Scott hit solo homers for Baltimore. Fifteen of the Orioles' last 21 home runs have been solo shots.The Rays batted around in the first inning, getting four hits and stealing four bases, yet they scored only three runs. After Damon hit his eighth homer, Ben Zobrist and Ruggiano singled before Longoria hit a sacrifice fly. Two batters later, Sean Rodriguez got an RBI when Mark Reynolds misplayed his grounder to third.Jones and Guerrero connected in succession in the bottom half, the second time this season the Orioles hit back-to-back homers.The only out Matusz got in the second inning came when Damon was caught stealing on a questionable call. Tampa Bay then loaded the bases before Orioles manager Buck Showalter summoned Alfredo Simon, who gave up a sacrifice fly to B.J. Upton.A double by Casey Kotchman and an RBI single by Damon made it 5-2 in the third.Baltimore got an unearned run in the bottom half, but Reynolds' second error of the game and 14th of the season provided Tampa Bay with two unearned runs in the seventh for a 7-3 lead.In the Baltimore half, after singles by Ryan Adams and Craig Tatum chased Davis, Nick Markakis and Jones hit run-scoring groundouts.NOTES: Reynolds left in the seventh with a bruised forearm after being struck with a ball hit by Rodriguez in the fifth inning. ... Activated from the disabled list after Saturday's game, Rays shortstop Elliott Johnson (knee sprain) went 0 for 3 with a walk. ... The season series is tied at 6. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' Evan Longoria follows through on an RBI single against the Baltimore Orioles in the fifth inning of a baseball game Saturday, June 11, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Joe Maddon almost ran out of breath trying to pass around the credit for a Tampa Bay victory that required two late comebacks and an inspired 11th-inning uprising.Ben Zobrist got four extra-base hits and scored four runs, including the tiebreaker in the 11th on a single by Evan Longoria, leading the Rays past the Baltimore Orioles 7-5 on Saturday night.Longoria had three RBIs and Casey Kotchman went 4 for 6 with two RBIs for the Rays, who forced extra innings with a run in the ninth off Baltimore closer Kevin Gregg.But the list of stars went much deeper than that.Justin Ruggiano and B.J. Upton made great catches in the outfield, Matt Joyce unselfishly advanced runners on the bases and John Jaso did a solid job handling six different pitchers."Just go around the field," Maddon said. "Whether it was Ruggiano going over the wall, B.J. doing the Willie Mays thing, Matt moving runners, Jaso really good game behind the plate ... every player contributed tonight to that win."Especially Zobrist, whose four extra-base hits tied a club record. His four runs matched a career high."I feel good about spraying the ball around the field," Zobrist said. "But the story was just the way our team battled back."Zobrist had three doubles and a triple. He started the 11th with a double off Jeremy Accardo (3-2) and took third on a groundout. After Longoria hit a soft liner to center, Kotchman followed with an RBI double.Juan Cruz (4-0) got two outs in the 10th and Kyle Farnsworth worked the 11th for his 14th save.Baltimore took a 5-4 lead in the eighth when Joel Peralta forced in a run by walking rookie Brandon Snyder with the bases loaded and two outs.Tampa Bay tied it in the ninth against Gregg, who has four blown saves. After Zobrist hit a one-out triple and Joyce walked, Longoria popped out. But Kotchman followed with an RBI single up the middle."We needed it," Longoria said. "The bats seemed to have been hit or miss this year. ... That was a big win for us."Johnny Damon got two hits and scored twice for the Rays. He has reached base in 36 consecutive games, a career high and one short of Ben Grieve's club record. His fifth-inning double lifted him into a tie for 54th place on the career list with Al Kaline and Bill Buckner.Mark Reynolds homered twice and drove in three runs for the Orioles, whose four-game winning streak ended."We had our chances. That's what we are trying to do," Baltimore starter Jeremy Guthrie said. "We have been so good closing out games recently that it's tough. We're not going to always have everything go well for us and perfect. And tonight we let them back in the game."Rays starter David Price gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings, striking out six and walking one. He lost a three-run lead and yielded both of Reynolds' homers.Guthrie allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings. He has only one win in his last 12 starts despite owning a respectable 3.77 ERA for the season.Reynolds' second home run, a drive to center with a man on, put Baltimore up 4-3 in the sixth.But the Rays pulled even with an unearned run in the seventh against Jim Johnson. Zobrist led off with a double and was at second with two outs when Kotchman hit a bouncer up the middle. Second baseman Robert Andino caught up to the ball, but his throw to first was wild, enabling Zobrist to score.In the Baltimore half, J.J. Hardy greeted J.P. Howell with a drive to left that a leaping Ruggiano caught at the wall.That began a perfect inning for the struggling Howell, who came in with a 15.75 ERA.Tampa Bay got a first-inning run when Damon singled and scored on a two-out double by Longoria.It became 3-0 in the fifth when Damon and Zobrist hit successive doubles and Longoria added an RBI single.Reynolds led off the bottom half with a drive over the wall in right-center and Adam Jones added a run-scoring double with two outs to bring Baltimore to 3-2.NOTES: After the game, the Rays activated infielder Elliott Johnson (left knee sprain) from the disabled list and designated infielder Felipe Lopez for assignment. ... Baltimore has been outscored 29-14 in the first inning. ... It was the 10th multihomer game of Reynolds' career. He leads the Orioles with 12 homers for the season. 
6  Going into the 2011 Rule IV draft, the Orioles had several important goals.  The first was to add star-caliber talent to a team starved for it both at the major league level and in the minors.  The second was to repair a minor league system that has fallen behind most of the other teams in the majors.  The third was to keep pace with their AL East competition - a difficult task considering that three of the four clubs in the division were armed with a multitude of compensation picks, allowing them to select a wider variety of the top amateur talents in the country. The O's had only one major advantage in this: they possessed the fourth overall pick, and would pick fourth in every subsequent round.  Let's take a look at how they used their picks to achieve their goals. I generally divide the draft into three sections: rounds 1-5, rounds 6-12, and the remainder of the draft.  The top five rounds should provide you with quality players who qualify as prospects immediately.  Rounds 6-12 should all have potential to be quality prospects and at least one tool that projects as plus for the majors.  After round 12, however, the only legitimate prospects are significant signability risks requiring significantly overslot deals; the rest are organizational players.  We will begin with the first five rounds.  1st Round (4th overall): Dylan Bundy, RHP, Oklahoma HS - Well, the O's needed to add a star-caliber talent, and despite last minute rumors that they might go another direction, they went with the expected player in Bundy.  Bundy fits the description of star-caliber to a T; he has elite velocity, a strong four pitch mix, and is extremely advanced for a prep pitcher.  He also rates highly on intangibles, a notorious workout warrior who ranks second in the class only to Trevor Bauer in terms of his work ethic and approach to the game.  With the fourth pick, the Orioles managed to draft the pitcher who ranked highest on most draft boards, and ranked second to only Rice's Anthony Rendon in terms of upside according to the majority of evaluators.  Bundy's only real drawback is a lack of prototypical size and projectibility, but with a high 90s fastball already, projection is pretty much moot.  And while signability is a factor, all the elite talents are bound to be very expensive, and Bundy's stated desire to play with his brother Bobby and his familiarity with the organization are advantages for the team. The only real question about this pick exists because Rendon remained on the board when the O's picked.  Those of us who are obsessed with the draft will likely link Bundy's career to Rendon's for years, in a similar fashion to how Brian Matusz and Justin Smoak are linked in the minds of some O's fans.  Generally speaking, I believe that one should favor position players over pitchers in the draft, and my own board reflected this: I ranked only Rendon above Bundy.  But I also think that it was awfully close between the two, that one should take the player who wants to play for your team, and that one should take the player who is healthy above the one whose health is in question.  The O's achieved everything they needed to with this pick, and got one of the draft's top two talents with the fourth pick.  Huge win.    2nd Round (64th overall): Jason Esposito, 3b, Vanderbilt - After selecting a pitcher in the first round, I was certain that Joe Jordan would select a hitter in the second.  What I didn't expect was Esposito; Jordan strongly favors athletes, and Esposito isn't a great athlete.  A below average runner whose thick lower body forced a move from short to third, Esposito's calling card is his power, another tool that Jordan has rarely gone for in the top of the draft.  But Esposito is still an excellent pick in this spot and fills a strong need in the O's system.  He has good hands and a plus arm, and should have no trouble sticking at third and being an above average defender there, despite lacking great range.  He has sufficient power to hit 20+ home runs in the bigs, and could add more, and should be a solid hitter as well.  He doesn't have great plate discipline (a skill that Jordan tends to undervalue in his draftees) but while he doesn't walk a ton, he also doesn't strike out much, with a 35/34 K/BB ratio as a sophomore.  And while he didn't set the world on fire with wood bats at the Cape, he was respectable and showed that his talents aren't a mirage of metal bats.    Esposito still struggles somewhat with his swing mechanics, which is what held him back from being a first round candidate.  But if the Orioles can clean up his swing, he projects to be a plus third baseman who at his peak could make a few All Star games, although his lack of plus plate discipline will likely hold him back from ever being elite.  Still, the Orioles got good value here, picking up a supplemental round talent in the second round, and filled a strong organizational need as well.  Esposito also compares favorably for the O's to the other hitters selected in the second round, largely raw and toolsy prep outfielders like Granden Goetzman, Charlie Tilson, and Williams Jerez.  Most of the top catching prospects were also selected in this round, but Esposito is a much better fit for our system needs.  Esposito is a Scott Boras client, so he will be expensive and won't sign quickly, but will almost certainly sign as a college junior in this draft position.  Look for him late in the season at Aberdeen, where he will begin his competition with Jonathan Schoop to be the O's third baseman of the future. 3rd Round (94th overall): Mike Wright, RHP, East Carolina - Wright is a big presence on the mound at 6'5" and has a big fastball to match.  Sitting in the mid 90s and topping out at 97 with good movement, it is a plus pitch, and he has the frame to add bulk and velocity in the future as well.  But it is the only pitch Wright has that is even average, which prevented him from being a starter at ECU until this past season.  With improvement to his secondary pitches, Wright could be a mid-rotation starter, but most evaluators have him pegged for the back end of a bullpen, which is far more likely to be his home, and considering the O's player development history, he could end up there sooner rather than later.    Wright has upside, but is much more of a value pick than an upside pick.  Wright is in some ways the opposite of last year's third rounder Dan Klein; Klein has a starters arsenal but durability issues that have kept him in the pen, while Wright has a reliever's arsenal but has the durability to start.  He should sign quickly and move quickly if used in the pen.  As for the wisdom of his selection in this spot, I am torn.  He lacks the question marks that surround the other top pitchers selected in the round, such as Bryan Brickhouse, Matt Purke and John Stilson, but he cannot match their upside.  A good argument can be made for taking a higher upside player who may not be signable in this round, as it is the last round where picks are protected.  At the same time, Wright has a much higher probability of being a useful Major Leaguer than any of those three, and the Orioles under Jordan have not shown a tendency to take high upside players in the third, so it wasn't to be expected.  Ultimately, I favor several of the bats selected in this round - Conner Barron, B.A. Vollmuth, Aaron Westlake, Ricky Oropesa and Johnny Eierman - above Wright; several of those names I felt were second round talents, and Barron and Eierman in particular fit the mold of a Jordan draftee.  But Wright still is a quality prospect and a solid addition to the O's system. 4th Round (125th Overall): RHP Kyle Simon, University of Arizona - Simon was the second consecutive 6'5" right hander selected by the Orioles, and like Wright, he profiles best in a major league bullpen.  Simon throws from a low 3/4 arm slot, nearly a sidearm.  This means that he lacks the velocity that someone of his size might have, throwing only in the low 90s.  But it also means that he gets plus movement on his pitches and lots of ground balls.  Simon is mostly a fastball/slider pitcher, and with work his slider projects as a plus pitch.  But his delivery and average changeup make it hard to project him as more than a back end starter or seventh inning reliever.  The fourth round saw some of college baseball's top closers go off the board, notably Tony Zych and Noe Ramirez.  Both are higher upside arms than Simon with equal probability, but Simon has more of a chance to start than either.  Had the Orioles gone in a different direction in the third round, I would have favored them, Zych in particular, over Simon (and to some degree do anyway).  But Simon does represent value in his draft position, and if you have more faith than I do about his ability to start given his arm slot, he represents good value. 5th Round (155th Overall): LHP Matt Taylor, Middle Georgia CC - Taylor, a projectible junior college arm who was scheduled to play for the Georgia Bulldogs next season has already signed, which is a bit of a surprise considering he was expected to command over slot money in this position.  At 6'1" and 185 pounds, he has some projection, but not a ton, and his 90-92 mph fastball probably won't see significant improvement.  But as a lefty, he doesn't need tons of velocity, and both his four and two seam fastballs have strong sink.  His curve flashes plus, but his command and changeup are raw even for a JuCo player, and he will not speed through the minors, particularly since he projects better as a starter than in the pen. Taylor represented good value and upside for the fifth round when he was thought to be a tough sign, and now that the O's have inked him for around slot, the pick looks even better.  There were some interesting hitters taken in the fifth, such as Matt Skole and Ryan Wright, but I like the selection of Taylor here, and think that the O's did a very good job scouting him and gauging his demands. Review of Rounds 1-5 - The first five selections by the O's in the 2011 draft represent an excellent addition to the O's system.  Obtaining a prospect of Bundy's caliber with the fourth pick is a coup, and easily fulfills the first of the Orioles' draft goals: to add star potential to their minor leagues.  Bundy is a sure top 100 prospect next season and probably top 50 even if he doesn't throw a pro pitch this season, and has the potential to be one of baseball's most dominant pitchers.  Esposito also has the potential to become a top prospect and shouldn't have been available at his draft position.  It isn't hard to imagine a future where Esposito partners with Machado on the left side of the infield of an Orioles playoff contender.  Both players fit our needs and were either the best player available or close to it. The group of Wright, Simon and Taylor is less impressive, but not disappointing either.  Each of the three has present value while also having at least some upside, and all three should be easily signable (particularly since Taylor already turned out to be).  Their probability is pretty good, particularly for their draft position, and this goes a long way towards achieving the second goal of the Orioles' draft: they help repair our depleted minor league system.  All three should be expected to play full season ball in 2012, meaning we should see fewer appearances by probable minor league lifers in Delmarva and Frederick than we are seeing at present. What the Orioles didn't manage to achieve in the first five rounds was much parity with the classes of the Red Sox, Rays, and Jays.  These teams managed to stock their already stronger minor league systems with numerous picks, and the O's were almost bound to struggle to keep pace.  While Bundy is a much better prospect than anyone selected by those teams, all three managed to draft prospects with very high upside who fell for various reasons due to their high number of picks.  The Red Sox drafted prospects with mid first round talent in Matt Barnes, Blake Swihart, and Jackie Bradley Jr.; the Rays landed Taylor Guerreri, who was the third best prep righty after Bundy and Archie Bradley, along with Mikie Mahtook who might have been a top ten pick in most drafts; the Blue Jays drafted signable players with their first few picks after Tyler Beede, but then grabbed Kevin Comer, Daniel Norris and John Stilson, who if signed will give the Jays four legitimate first round arms on talent, including the top prep lefty.  Bundy's talent alone cannot make up the gap between their classes and ours.  The O's could have narrowed this gap some by attaining better balance between value and upside, with their best opportunity to do so in the third round. But by grabbing quality signable talent in rounds 3-5, the Orioles may have left themselves with the funds to go after more expensive players later in the draft, while getting good value from their more easily signable selections.  This has been Jordan's MO in the past, although he has too often let some of those players slip through his fingers even when selected.  By taking signable talent, he has also made sure that the Orioles get good value while having the funds to meet Bundy's exorbitant demands.  With the continuing attendance problems of the O's, the fact that the O's are in violation of the league's debt service rules, and the increase in the payroll of the major league club, it was not a foregone conclusion that the O's would even select Bundy, nor is it certain that they can afford to once again be among the draft's top spenders, as much as they might need to be.  The Tigers, who have historically spent big money on the draft, are an example of a team whose spending was radically cut back this season without much warning to the fans, but the Bundy selection ensured that the same would not be true in Baltimore. Grade: A-  
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Verlander Loses No-Hit Bid but Helps Tigers Into First  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSJUNE 14, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Justin Verlander nearly pitched another no-hitter, taking his latest bid into the eighth inning Tuesday night to lead the Detroit Tigers past the visiting Cleveland Indians, 4-0, and into first place in the American League Central.With two no-hitters already on his résumé, including one in Toronto last month, Verlander held the slumping Indians hitless until Orlando Cabrera lined a clean single to center with one out in the eighth.His fastball was approaching 100 miles per hour and with the same arm speed, his knee-buckling breaking pitches were about 20 m.p.h. slower and just as unhittable.“It’s kind of tough on hitters when I can change speeds, elevation and do what I want to do,” Verlander said. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Verlander finished with 12 strikeouts in a two-hitter, giving Detroit sole possession of the division lead for the first time this season.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Still missing injured slugger Travis Hafner, the Indians lost for the 15th time in 20 games and fell out of first place for the first time since April 6.RAYS 4, RED SOX 0 James Shields pitched his American League-leading third shutout of the season, cooling Boston’s red-hot offense and helping Tampa Bay end the first-place Red Sox’ nine-game winning streak.The Rays also ruined a Tropicana Field homecoming for Carl Crawford, their former teammate who signed a seven-year, $142 million contract with Boston after helping Tampa Bay win the division two of the past three seasons. He went 0 for 3 with one strikeout.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  BLUE JAYS 6, ORIOLES 5 Adam Lind homered off Koji Uehhara leading off the 11th inning, sending Toronto past visiting Baltimore and snapping the Blue Jays’ four-game losing streak.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PHILLIES 9, MARLINS 1 Cole Hamels pitched seven dominant innings to become the National League’s second nine-game winner and Domonic Brown hit two of Philadelphia’s season-high five homers as the Phillies beat visiting Florida.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hamels (9-2) allowed one run and three hits to tie teammate Roy Halladay and Boston’s Jon Lester for most wins in the majors. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    NATIONALS 8, CARDINALS 6 Ryan Zimmerman hit a run-scoring double in his return from the disabled list to spark a six-run seventh-inning as Washington defeated visiting St. Louis.Zimmerman missed 58 games because of an injured abdominal muscle. He was given ovations from the crowd in pregame introductions and for each of his at-bats, with the loudest cheers coming after his double down the right-field line drove in the Nationals’ first run of the seventh.CUBS 5, BREWERS 4 Starlin Castro looped a one-out single to right field in the 10th inning to score Tony Campana from third base, and host Chicago rallied past Milwaukee.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Trailing by 4-1, the Cubs scored three times in the eighth off Milwaukee reliever Marco Estrada to spoil a strong effort by the Brewers ace Yovani Gallardo, who allowed three hits and struck out a season-high 10 in seven innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PIRATES 1, ASTROS 0 Jeff Karstens pitched three-hit ball into the seventh inning and five relievers finished the four-hitter, leading visiting Pittsburgh past Houston.Karstens is 1-0 with a 0.44 E.R.A. in three starts in June and is working on a scoreless streak of 142/3 innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  INDIANS’ KNAPP HAS SURGERY The Cleveland right-hander Jason Knapp had a second shoulder operation, another setback for a pitcher who was acquired in the 2009 trade for Cliff Lee.The Indians said Knapp would need six weeks of rest, and the goal is for him to be ready to pitch in spring training. LAROCHE DONE FOR SEASON Nationals first baseman Adam LaRoche will have season-ending surgery Thursday on a torn labrum in his left shoulder. ...The Houston Astros fired the pitching coach Brad Arnsberg. The Astros, who are 25-42, cited philosophical differences in announcing the move. ...The Baltimore Orioles said that the pitching coach Mark Connor resigned for personal reasons. ... The Minnesota Twins put first baseman Justin Morneau on the disabled list with a strained left wrist.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story    A version of this article appears in print on June 15, 2011, on Page B17 of the New York edition with the headline: Verlander Loses No-Hit Bid But Helps Tigers Into First.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Decisions about 2012 nearing for OriolesJune 14, 2011|Peter SchmuckApparently, times flies whether you're having fun or not, because we've almost reached the point in the 2011 season when the Orioles have to start making decisions about 2012. Sure, it's a little early for that, but when president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail acknowledged on Monday that he will soon initiate negotiations to extend the contract of shortstop J.J. Hardy, it was a signal that the Orioles are starting to fill in some more blanks in the organization's blueprint for the not-to-distant future. Hardy seems like a no-brainer for a couple of reasons. He is a very good defensive shortstop with some pop in his bat who's just 28, which would make him a very valuable commodity even if he wasn't the ultimate Buck Showalter kind of guy. Who better to bridge the time warp between now and the arrival of projected super prospect Manny Machado? var adSkipCounter = 0;  There are some physical issues to consider, but Hardy still seems to be a solid fit for the next couple of seasons if the club can sign him to a reasonable extension. The rest of the picture is not so clear. The Orioles signed Vladimir Guerrero to inject some power in the middle of the lineup, but the July 31 deadline for making trades without waivers was always part of the equation. The rationale: If Guerrero delivered and the rest of the team floundered again, he figured to be trade bait to accumulate more of what MacPhail likes to call "inventory." The same went for Derrek Lee, whose flashy glove continues to be a huge asset to the young Orioles pitching staff, while his bat has yet to make the kind of noise that MacPhail and Showalter hoped would pump up the volume of this quiet offensive team. There still is more than a month before trade talks get really serious, but neither Guerrero nor Lee has done enough to create real value for the club, so it seems likely that both of them will be here for the remainder of the season. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but the front office was probably hoping to have more flexibility going forward. Guerrero and Lee were classic one-year plug-ins. Hardy and third baseman Mark Reynolds were acquired with the hope that they would be around longer and buy the club time to grow some position players. Turns out, Hardy will probably be the most tradable of the lot for the same reasons that the Orioles should not deal him at the deadline unless he refuses to sign an extension. There are other Orioles players who will be attractive to contending teams. Pitcher Jeremy Guthrie, despite his deceptively bad won-loss record, would draw a lot of interest if he were made available, and there are people in the Orioles organization who wouldn't mind finding out just what he might bring in return. That possibility, however, became a lot less likely when Brian Matusz looked so lost on Sunday. The Orioles could also shop reliever Koji Uehara, who has looked very good in a setup role this season, but it's hard to imagine a full-scale fire sale unless the team totally collapses over the next four or five weeks. That isn't out of the question. The schedule softens a bit after the Orioles get out of Toronto, but the last 17 games before the All-Star break are against AL division leaders (Boston and Texas) or NL teams (Cincinnati, St. Louis and Atlanta) that are right in the thick of their respective division races. MacPhail has to walk a very fine line here, because the desire to further broaden the organization's talent base may collide with the need to show the fans — and potential free agent targets — that the club continues to move in the right direction. If there is any chance to finish close to or above .500, the Orioles need to do that, even if it means keeping some veteran players around who would otherwise be worth more in conserved payroll and minor league talent. Certainly, no one views that as a lofty goal, but it has to be more of a consideration than it was when MacPhail unloaded Miguel Tejada last season or Aubrey Huff the year before. The Orioles have hovered just under .500 in spite of a wide variety of setbacks over the first 2 ½ months of the season, so the front office should not discount the possibility that Showalter will suddenly get them headed north the way he did when he arrived last August. peter.schmuck@baltsun.com Listen to Peter Schmuck on "The Week in Review" on Friday's at noon on WBAL (1090AM) and WBAL.com.      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles first baseman Derrek Lee (right) reaches out to tag Toronto Blue Jays Corey Patterson during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Toronto on Tuesday June 14, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Frank Gunn)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Adam Lind homered off Koji Uehara leading off the 11th inning Tuesday night, giving the Toronto Blue Jays a 6-5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles and snapping their four-game losing streak.Uehara (1-1) set the Blue Jays down in order in the 10th, striking out Corey Patterson and Jose Bautista to end the inning. Shawn Camp (1-1) responded by shutting down Baltimore in the top half of the 11th, before Lind connected off Uehara in the bottom half.Matt Wieters' two-run home run off reliever Marc Rzepczynski in the eighth tied the game 5-5. The catcher's sixth homer of the season followed a leadoff walk to Vladimir Guerrero.It also cost Blue Jays starter Carlos Villanueva the chance to win for the fourth time in five starts since entering Toronto's rotation on May 23. The 27-year-old, used exclusively as a reliever last season, gave up three runs over six strong innings.Jason Frasor replaced him with two on and none out in the seventh, and drew jeers from the announced crowd of 15,592 with a wild pitch that advanced the runners. Robert Andino's sacrifice fly scored Luke Scott to make it 4-2. Mark Reynolds then came home on J.J. Hardy's third hit of the game, a double that trimmed Toronto's lead to 4-3.Aaron Hill's second homer of the year made it 5-3 in the seventh.The deep shot came one out after Wieters threw out J.P. Arencibia trying to reach third base on a pitch in the dirt that momentarily bounced away from the Orioles catcher.Chris Jakubauskas started for Baltimore and gave up four runs in 5 1-3 innings.Toronto built its early lead on Lind's RBI double in the first and Bautista fielder's choice in the third. The Blue Jays scored two more in the fourth when Hill reached on a bunt single, Jayson Nix was hit by a pitch and Yunel Escobar had an RBI single. Nix scored on a ground out.After Wieters' homer tied the game in the eighth inning, Baltimore advanced a runner into scoring position in the eighth, ninth and tenth but failed to score each time.Toronto left the bases loaded in the bottom of the eighth when Arencibia grounded into a fielder's choice force out at home with one out and Edwin Encarnacion flied out to right.NOTES: Orioles manager Buck Showalter said 2B Brian Roberts began "stressful exertion activities" at the team's spring training complex. ... Orioles Hall of Famer Brooks Robinson was released from a Baltimore hospital Monday after follow-up treatment for an infection and fever. "That's beautiful," Showalter said. "That's the best news I've heard all day." Baltimore 1B Derrek Lee came off the bereavement list Tuesday after missing a weekend series against Tampa Bay to attend his grandfather's funeral. ... Zach Stewart will pitch Thursday for Toronto, with Jo-Jo Reyes and Brandon Morrow each getting an extra day of rest. ... Blue Jays GM Alex Anthopoulos said OF Travis Snider's swing changes at Triple-A Las Vegas are helping restore his power. "He looks a lot better at the plate," Anthopoulos said. ... The Blue Jays' Jesse Litsch is scheduled to pitch for Class-A Lansing (Mich.) on June 18. ... Baltimore entered Tuesday night on a 14-game losing streak at the Rogers Centre. Its last win in Toronto came on Aug. 7, 2009. ... Frasor made his 440th appearance for the Blue Jays, moving past Dave Stieb into third place on the all-time list. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles place reliever Simon on DL, recall BerkenRight-hander hopes hamstring strain won't sideline him for longJune 15, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunTORONTO — Concerned that a mild injury could linger and leave them without an extra reliever, the Orioles placed right-hander Alfredo Simon on the 15-day disabled list Wednesday afternoon and recalled Jason Berken.Simon said he strained his right hamstring while running before Tuesday's game. He had a similar situation last season when he injured his left hamstring and ended up on the DL."I was doing my work, working out and doing my sprints, and I felt a little pop in there," said Simon, who is 1-1 with a 3.14 ERA in five relief appearances this season. "I don't know how long it is going to take for me to get ready, but I don't think it is that bad." var adSkipCounter = 0; He was hoping to avoid the DL but said he expects to be activated when eligible June 28 — the move is retroactive to Monday. Simon also missed the first seven weeks of the season while making up for a spring training lost because he was detained in the Dominican Republic as a suspect in a fatal New Year's Day shooting.Given the inconsistency of the Orioles' rotation in terms of pitching deep into games and Tuesday's 11-inning affair, manager Buck Showalter said, he couldn't afford to have Simon unavailable for the next few days."I think it was an unknown with Simon, and he has a history of hamstrings, he's had [that type of injury] in the past," Showalter said. "We didn't feel like there was any given when he would be able to pitch again and know what we were getting."So the club recalled Berken, who was demoted to Triple-A Norfolk on May 20 after compiling a 7.94 ERA in 15 relief appearances. Berken started four games for the Tides, going 0-1 with a 3.86 ERA. He hadn't pitched since Thursday."It was his time to throw, we have length there and he was pitching well," Showalter said. "He is on schedule to give us whatever innings the Blue Jays will allow him to give us."Berken will be used out of the bullpen, but Showalter said he could be pushed into starting duty in the future if needed."It will be depending on what the needs of the team are," he said. "I wouldn't say [starting] is outside the realm of possibility. If we need to go there, we could with him. I'd feel comfortable doing that."Berken said he doesn't care about his role so long as he is back in the majors. The 27-year-old right-hander, who was the club's best pitcher in the first half of 2010, said he thinks his demotion was a good thing."I feel like long-term, it could really benefit me because I would be able to work on stuff and make some changes, make some adjustments that I probably wouldn't have made up here. So I feel like I made the best of my time down there," Berken said. "By no means was I feeling bitter or upset. … I have no one to blame but myself. And I knew that I would go down there and work hard and try to get better."Berken allowed two runs in each of his past two starts and credits the success with a change he made at Norfolk. Instead of pitching from the left side of the rubber, he moved to the right side. He said he believes it gives him more deception. Former Orioles pitching coach Mark Connor made the suggestion in spring training, but Berken was more comfortable on the left side.Without the pressure of the big leagues, Berken said, he made the change and it worked for him."I moved over to the right side, my hand placement is a little bit different," Berken said. "Just small adjustments, and I think it simplified things a little bit in terms of movement of my hands and body as a whole."Roberts has headachesSecond baseman Brian Roberts (concussion) woke up Wednesday morning with headaches and was told not to participate in workouts in Sarasota, Fla., Showalter said. He will be re-evaluated Thursday.It's not considered a major setback because Roberts still isn't cleared to do baseball activities. He is hoping to get that green light Tuesday when he revisits concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins in Pittsburgh."We hope we get to the point here, before the 21st, when he goes back [to Collins], that it is not an issue," Showalter said.Roberts has been sidelined since sliding headfirst into first base May 16.Connor on resignationConnor, who resigned as pitching coach Tuesday, was at home in Tennessee watching the Orioles-Blue Jays game Wednesday night. He made his first comments to the media since his resignation via a text message to The Baltimore Sun."First of all, I would like to thank the Orioles and especially Buck for the opportunity to be the pitching coach," Connor said. "I would also like to thank all my friends in baseball for their thoughtful messages. My health is good, my family is well. However, the intensity that is required day-to-day through the eight-month season was becoming difficult to maintain. In fairness to Buck and the pitching staff, I came to the decision it was best of all to step down. Buck has been a great friend for nearly 30 years, and I wish him and the team the very best."Machado to be promoted1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Brian Matusz 'hasn't regained that zip' on his fastballJune 15, 2011|By Matt VenselAfter an abysmal start on Sunday in which he retired just three of the 13 batters he faced, Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz insisted that he was “100 percent healthy.” But he looked so out of sync in the 9-6 loss, Rays manager Joe Maddon said Matusz didn't look quite right. “He's not throwing as hard as he used to,” he said.Meanwhile, in the Baltimore clubhouse, Orioles manager Buck Showalter wasn’t sugarcoating Matusz’s performance, saying that he had hoped to see more improvement from his young starter upon returning from the disabled list. “He's telling us he feels fine,” he said. “Just not a whole lot coming out right now.”The Orioles had won their last 10 games in which Matusz had started, a streak dating back to last August. And he had put up solid numbers in his first two starts in 2011 -- three earned runs in 11 innings -- but some other numbers have given Showalter and the Orioles reason for serious concern: the ones on the radar gun. var adSkipCounter = 0; According to ESPN Stats and Information, the velocity of Matusz’s fastball, based on month-by-month averages, has dropped more than five miles per hour since he made his major-league debut in August 2009. He averaged a 91.7 on the radar gun back then. This month, his fastball has been clocking in at 86.1 miles per hour.Opposing hitters have taken notice."He just hasn't regained that zip that he had the past year,” Rays outfielder Johnny Damon said Sunday.Appearing on 105.7 The Fan on Wednesday, Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail said that Matusz is healthy. MacPhail added he was “surprised” that Matusz hasn’t regained all of his velocity after a long rehab stint, but he said the issue might just be a “function of building up your arm strength.”“For whatever reason, from where he was in spring training until the time he came back from the intercostal strain, there has been about three or four miles an hour that somehow we’ve lost in that transition,” he said. “So we’re hopeful that in another start in Washington over the weekend we’ll get closer to what we’re accustomed to seeing from Brian in terms of his velocity.”But what if we don’t see a rise Saturday against the Nationals? What should the Orioles do with their prized young pitcher then?It’s clear that Showalter is already losing patience with Matusz, and if Matusz taxes the bullpen again on Saturday, the Orioles might be forced to send him down to the minors to try to get his fastball back.It isn’t ideal, but he is a huge part of MacPhail’s rebuilding plan, and his prized left arm should be handled with care. We have seen too often, both here and throughout the rest of the baseball world, what can happen when young pitchers aren’t handled as such.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays starter Zach Stewart throws a pitch against the Baltimore Orioles during first inning baseball action in Toronto on Thursday, June 16, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Nathan Denette)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Zach Stewart showed he's not afraid to throw strikes in his major league debut.The 24-year-old rookie allowed just two runs on seven hits and a single over seven innings in a game the Baltimore Orioles eventually won 4-3 over the Toronto Blue Jays."He didn't fear contact," Blue Jays manager John Farrell said. "He got ahead in the count and used his fastball and slider to disrupt some timing on some first pitches."Stewart's efficient outing marked a change from Kyle Drabek, the fellow rookie he replaced in Toronto's rotation. Following his last start, Toronto sent Drabek to Triple-A Las Vegas as the AL's walks leader."Once I got through the warm-up and got through the first pitch it was more like, 'It's still baseball,'" said Stewart. "I learned a lot of things as to how to pitch guys in certain situations, I made a few mistakes that I got away with."Stewart struck out four before being replaced by Jason Frasor.Orioles shortstop J.J. Hardy said Stewart impressed him."He threw all fastballs to me," Hardy said. "I know he was throwing some sliders to some guys and some changeups. He had a little run to his fastball. I thought he was pretty good."Jeremy Guthrie pitched five shutout innings for Baltimore before being forced out of the game by pain that began in his warm-ups before the fifth inning."Tomorrow I'm going to go see the doctor and get it looked at and see what they say," said Guthrie. "There was enough pain that we're not going to go forward with that."Baltimore scored two runs in the ninth inning to help snap a 16-game losing streak in Toronto.Vladimir Guerrero and Luke Scott opened the ninth with back-to-back singles against Toronto closer Jon Rauch (2-3). Derek Lee followed with a swinging bunt that Blue Jays third baseman Jayson Nix charged on, but Nix's throw home was high, allowing pinch-runner Nolan Reimold to score for a 3-2 Orioles lead.Luis Perez replaced Rauch and walked Mark Reynolds to load the bases before Ryan Adams singled to score pinch-runner Felix Pie and make it 4-2.Adam Lind's solo home run off Kevin Gregg in the bottom of the ninth made it 4-3, but the former Toronto closer recovered to earn his 13th save as Baltimore avoided a sweep.Jason Berken (1-2) earned the win with two shutout innings in his second appearance since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk.Berken's last win was also Baltimore's last victory in Toronto on Aug. 7, 2009.Guthrie allowed just one hit with five strikeouts and one walk before leaving after throwing only 64 pitches.Hardy homered off Stewart leading off the sixth — his seventh homer of the season — to give Baltimore a 1-0 lead. Nick Markakis followed with a single and scored on a double by Guerrero, who reached 2,500 career hits."I feel very good," Guerrero said through an interpreter. "Fifteen years in the big league means I've had a lot of hits and it feels good."Jim Johnson replaced Guthrie in the sixth and almost immediately coughed up the lead on a two-run single by Jose Bautista.Nix's single and an error by second baseman Adams on a potential double-play ball from Yunel Escobar put two runners on for the Blue Jays. Corey Patterson's sacrifice bunt put runners at second and third before Bautista tied the game 2-2.Toronto loaded the bases against Johnson on singles by Adam Lind and Aaron Hill, but Edwin Encarnacion grounded into an inning-ending double-play.Stewart dealt nicely with his first big league jam, created in part by the bright sunshine.Blue Jays second baseman Hill and right fielder Bautista seemed to lose track of a Hardy pop-up because of the sun. The blooper fell in behind Hill and bounced past Bautista for a double.With runners on second and third and two outs, Stewart ended the inning by getting Markakis on a groundout to second.A balk by Stewart sent Guerrero to second following a one-out single, but Stewart again escaped unscathed by retiring Luke Scott and Derrek Lee on fly balls.Blue Jays catcher Jose Molina was ejected from the game after striking out in the bottom of the seventh inning. J.P Arencibia replaced him behind the plate.Notes: Toronto expects to activate John McDonald in time for Friday's game at Cincinnati. The infielder has been on the 15-day DL since May 28 with a right hamstring injury. ... The Orioles announced Chris Jakubauskas is scheduled to start Sunday's game in Washington. ... The 16-game home winning streak against Baltimore that Toronto carried into Thursday's game was the longest in franchise history. It was also the longest such skid for the Orioles franchise since it moved to Baltimore in 1954. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Ricky Romero delivers to the Baltimore Orioles during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 15, 2011, in Toronto. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Frank Gunn)MoreTORONTO (AP) — On any other night, Buck Showalter felt his team likely could have had a chance to win. Going up against a dominating Ricky Romero, Showalter could only tip his cap."I felt like if we could have held them at 2-0, where his pitch count was, we were going to be able to get a shot at somebody other than him, which is a lot better proposition with what he was featuring," Showalter said after the Romero pitched the Toronto Blue Jays to a 4-1 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night. "When you're carrying those three pitches, it's a tough proposition for anybody."Romero (6-6) tied a career high with 12 strikeouts and walked four for the Blue Jays, who have won 16 straight games over the Orioles at the Rogers Centre dating to Aug. 7, 2009.He walked the first two batters he faced in the ninth inning and needed Frank Francisco to complete the game. Romero was charged with one earned run after Matt Wieters hit an RBI single off Francisco in the bottom of the ninth.Vladimir Guerrero popped out before Wieters' opposite-field single scored Nick Markakis. Francisco then coaxed a double-play ball from Derrek Lee to earn his sixth save in nine chances.Showalter credited Romero for coming back strong after being tagged for 11 hits and five runs in a start at Baltimore earlier this month."He pitched us differently tonight," Showalter said. "He made some adjustments to some of those things that we did."Orioles outfielder Adam Jones, 0 for 3 with a walk against Romero, praised the Blue Jays ace while challenging his teammates after their fourth straight loss."He dealt," Jones said. "He had that changeup and every count he threw it, he had me off balance. He had a lot of people off balance. But we've seen him enough. We've got to come with a better plan. He's in our division. He's had six or seven starts against us since I've been here. We can do better. We've got a good team. We can do better, I know that. We've got to just take a step back and get better."Jake Arrieta (8-4) gave up three runs on nine hits in 6 2-3 innings for Baltimore. The 25-year-old struck out five and walked two, one of them intentional."I think it was pretty good overall, attacked their hitters for the most part really well," Arrietta said. "A consequence was a few knocks, a few base hits and the two home runs were the big blows there. But they were solo shots. I was keeping guys off base for the most part."Yunel Escobar's leadoff home run and Juan Rivera's solo shot in the sixth were the 11th and 12th against Arrieta in 15 starts this season.Last year, he gave up just nine homers in 18 starts."I think early on in the season I was falling behind guys and they were able to be a lot more comfortable in the box," he said. "Tonight it was just a matter of those guys swinging the bats well. They knew I was going to attack them and come at them with all my pitches and they got a couple good pitches to hit."Escobar's eighth home run of the season gave Toronto an early 1-0 lead.In the sixth, Rivera touched Arrieta for his fifth home run of the season to put the Blue Jays ahead 2-0.Reliever Clay Rapada took over from Arrieta in the bottom of the seventh following a two-out walk to Jose Bautista.Adam Lind doubled Toronto's lead to 4-0 with his 13th home run of the season on a 1-2 pitch from Rapada.Until Lind's two-run homer in the seventh, it looked as though Toronto would continue a trend of meager offense with its ace on the mound. Before Wednesday night, the Blue Jays had scored 13 runs for Romero in two of his 13 previous starts.In the left-hander's 11 other starts, Toronto had scored a total of 11 runs.Newly called up right-hander Jason Berken replaced Rapada to get the final out of the seventh inning."We wanted to get him out there and not leave him too long so he's still a long option for us tomorrow," Showalter said.Former Blue Jays closer Kevin Gregg pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the Orioles.Notes: Baltimore 2b Brian Roberts took the day off Wednesday and will be reevaluated on Thursday after waking up with headaches. Roberts is on the 15-day DL because of a concussion and took part in "exertional" exercises on Tuesday ... J.J. Hardy's fourth-inning double gave him an eight-game hitting streak. ... Orioles manager Buck Showalter did not hold out hope Toronto's "70's Night" promotion would sway locals to come to the park instead of watching Game 7 of the NHL's Stanley Cup finals between Vancouver and Boston. "That's the decision for fans who are going to be here tonight, that or Game 7?," Showalter said. "I'll make a bet who's going to win that one. ... Lind's intentional walk was the first of the season. The Blue Jays 1b/DH now has six home runs and 12 RBIs in 11 games since coming of the DL. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Early Homers by Brewers Cool Lester and Red Sox  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSJUNE 18, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Rickie Weeks and Corey Hart homered on consecutive pitches in the first inning Saturday night to help the Milwaukee Brewers spoil Jon Lester’s bid to become the majors’ first 10-game winner in a 4-2 victory over the Red Sox in Boston.Randy Wolf (5-4) battled through seven innings for Milwaukee, which won for just the second time in its last six games. The Red Sox had won 12 of 13.Wolf scattered nine hits, walked one and struck out three, ending a string of four no-decisions. John Axford got the final three outs for his 19th save in 21 chances.Lester (9-3) allowed four runs — three earned — and matched his career high of three home runs allowed, the other time coming on opening day in Texas. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Before the game, the Red Sox placed left fielder Carl Crawford on the 15-day disabled list with a left hamstring strain, sustained Friday as he beat out an infield hit, and recalled outfielder Josh Reddick from Class AAA Pawtucket.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  NATIONALS 4, ORIOLES 2 Michael Morse’s 13th home run, a two-run shot, broke a 1-1 tie in the sixth, sending host Washington to its eighth straight victory. Last week, the Nationals were stumbling along in last place with a 27-36 record; now they are a victory from .500 (35-36) and in third place in the National League East behind Philadelphia and Atlanta.The Nationals’ Ryan Zimmerman homered and doubled in his fifth game off the disabled list.Baltimore, which has lost six of seven, designated reliever Jeremy Accardo for assignment. Accardo, who has a 5.29 earned run average, was the losing pitcher on Friday against Washington.RAYS 7, MARLINS 4 The rookie Alex Cobb (2-0), who has been filling in for the injured Jeff Niemann, pitched into the seventh inning for host Tampa Bay. Florida lost its ninth straight and is 1-17 in June. Photo       Ryan Zimmerman had two hits, including a double that ignited a three-run rally in the sixth.  Credit             Patrick Smith/Getty Images           The Rays’ Johnny Damon hit his 500th double in the first inning. He is the 11th player to have 500 doubles, 100 triples, 200 homers, and 2,500 hits; the other 10 are in the Hall of Fame.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CARDINALS 5, ROYALS 4 Matt Holliday’s two-run homer rallied host St. Louis from a 4-3 deficit in the eighth inning, helping the Cardinals break a seven-game losing streak. Holliday is 5 for 9 with two home runs since his return from a quadriceps injury June 16.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  RANGERS 5, BRAVES 4 Adrian Beltre drove in the go-ahead run with a single in the 10th inning for visiting Texas. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    After a rain delay of 2 hours 16 minutes in the fifth inning, Rangers starter Matt Harrison returned and pitched into the seventh. “I was able to stay loose,” said Harrison, who was drafted by Atlanta eight years ago.TWINS 1, PADRES 0 Scott Baker (5-4) struck out 10 batters in eight innings and Danny Valencia homered for host Minnesota, which won its sixth straight game and its 13th in 15. That surge has cut the Twins’ deficit in the American League Central to eight games from 16 ½.ROCKIES 5, TIGERS 4 Ubaldo Jimenez (2-7) pitched five solid innings before leaving with a cramp in his right calf and had a two-run single for his first hit of the season, helping host Colorado to its fourth straight victory. Jimenez’s earned run average is 4.58; by this time last season, he was 13-1 with a 1.15 ERA.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Phil Coke (1-7) has not won since April 14.WHITE SOX 6, DIAMONDBACKS 2  John Danks came up smiling after taking a line drive to the head in the fourth inning, remained in the game and pitched Chicago to a victory at Arizona. Danks (3-8) won his third straight after an 0-8 start. Paul Konerko went 3 for 4 with a homerun, two runs batted in and two runs.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  BLUE JAYS 4, REDS 0 Jose Molina doubled and homered as Toronto dropped host Cincinnati to 0-5 in interleague play. The Blue Jays’ Brandon Morrow (3-4), who allowed a career-high nine runs in a loss to Boston last week, held the Reds to five hits in six and two-thirds innings.INDIANS 5, PIRATES 1 Carlos Carrasco (7-3) took a no-hitter into the sixth inning and won his third straight start for host Cleveland, which has won four of six games after losing 9 of 10. Orlando Cabrera hit a solo home run and Grady Sizemore scored two runs and drove in another off Paul Maholm (3-8).SURGERY FOR PADILLA Los Angeles Dodgers reliever Vicente Padilla had surgery Thursday to fuse vertebrae in his neck and is expected to miss the rest of the season, MLB.com reported on the Dodgers’ Web site. Padilla, who turns 34 in September, has three saves in nine appearances this season. ... Florida outfielder Mike Stanton, who has 16 homers and 41 R.B.I., was scratched from the lineup against Tampa Bay because of an eye infection. ... The Cleveland Indians placed first baseman Matt LaPorta on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained right ankle, sustained Friday, and recalled outfielder Travis Buck, who had been optioned to Class AAA Columbus on Friday.  A version of this article appears in print on June 19, 2011, on Page SP4 of the New York edition with the headline: Early Homers By Brewers Cool Lester And Red Sox.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosWashington Nationals' Ian Desmond steals second base as Baltimore Orioles second baseman Robert Andino, left, gets the late throw from home during the fifth inning of an interleague baseball game, Friday, June 17, 2011, in Washington. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)MoreWASHINGTON (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles got at least one hit in every inning and totaled 18 for the game, numbers that usually add up to a lopsided victory.And it did — for the Washington Nationals.The Orioles failed to capitalize on repeated scoring opportunities and fell 8-4 Friday night despite getting five hits from Derrek Lee and four apiece from Adam Jones and Nick Markakis.Baltimore stranded 12 and went 4 for 14 with runners in scoring position."You'd expect more runs out of that many hits," Lee said. "We didn't get them at the right time."Matt Wieters flied out in the first inning with two on, grounded out in the third with a runner in scoring position, hit into a double play with two on in the fifth and bounced into a fielder's choice with the bases full in the sixth."It's disappointing. I left a small army out there on the bases tonight," he said.The game, dubbed the Battle of the Beltways, attracted a crowd of 35,562. The Nationals entered the weekend averaging 21,735 per contest.Washington went up 7-4 with a three-run sixth. Wilson Ramos drew a leadoff walk from Jeremy Accardo (3-3) and Jerry Hairston followed with an RBI double. Accardo then walked pitcher Sean Burnett (3-3) on four pitches, and Jayson Werth singled in a run before Ian Desmond hit a sacrifice fly.That was enough to assure the Nationals their seventh straight win.Roger Bernadina homered off Mike Gonzalez in the eighth, his third of the season but second in two games.Baltimore starter Zach Britton allowed four runs, one earned, and five hits in five innings. The most notable facet of his performance came at the plate, where he got his first major-league hit — an RBI double in the fourth.Limited to one hit through four innings, Washington batted around in the fifth and took a 4-2 lead. Wilson Ramos singled and took third on a single by Hairston before starter Jason Marquis bunted in an effort to get Hairston to second. Third baseman Mark Reynolds threw wildly to first, allowing a run to score.Bernadina followed with a run-scoring grounder and Desmond and Ryan Zimmerman added RBI singles. Three of the four runs were unearned, courtesy of Reynolds' 15th error, most among major league third basemen."We need to play better. Spring training is over," Wieters said. "We've been playing for a while. We keep making the same mistakes. We have to start getting some runs and playing better defense."Baltimore tied it in the sixth. Pinch-hitter Vladimir Guerrero hit an RBI single and J.J. Hardy added a sacrifice fly, but the uprising ended when Wieters hit into a fielder's choice.Marquis went 5 1-3 innings, allowing four runs and 12 hits — most by a Nationals pitcher this season.The Orioles got two runners on base in each of the first two innings but failed to score, and Jones was stranded after hitting a two-out double in the third.Baltimore finally broke through in the fourth. Lee doubled with one out and was waved home on a two-out single to left by Robert Andino. The throw from Hairston beat the runner to the plate, but Ramos attempted to apply the tag before controlling the ball — and did neither.Lee scored, and Britton followed with an opposite-field liner to left for a 2-0 lead.Baltimore again wasted a couple of hits in the fifth. After five innings, the Orioles had two runs on 10 hits, stranded seven and were 2 for 11 with runners in scoring position."Two ways to look at it," manager Buck Showalter said. "You're really proud of creating that many opportunities to score runs, but the double play got us again. I think we had two or three, something like that."NOTES: Wizards rookie John Wall threw out the ceremonial first pitch, a one-hopper to the plate. ... The start of the game was delayed 56 minutes by rain. ... Jones came into the game mired in an 0-for-14 slump. ... Desmond is riding a career-high hitting streak of 11 games. ... The season series is tied at 2. 
3 View photosWashington Nationals' Danny Espinosa (18) safely steals second as the ball pops out of the glove of Baltimore Orioles second baseman Robert Andino, left, during the sixth inning of an interleague baseball game in Washington, Saturday, June 18, 2011. The Nationals beat the Orioles 4-2. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)MoreWASHINGTON (AP) — Adam Jones sat in front of his locker, a huge bag of ice wrapped around his right shoulder and a look of disgust planted on his face.Although Jones homered Saturday, the Baltimore Orioles lost to the Washington Nationals 4-2 to fall a season-worst six games under .500 (31-37).Baltimore has dropped six of seven, including the first two games of this interleague series against their nearby rivals. After wasting 18 hits Friday night, Baltimore stranded eight Saturday and went 2 for 7 with runners in scoring position."We just have to be able to get the big hit," Jones said. "We have to be able to get the runner in. That's what it is. It's not a lack of baserunners, it's not a lack of opportunities. It's just a lack of production."Brian Matusz (1-2) absorbed his second straight loss and left in the sixth inning with cramping in his left hamstring.Asked if he was concerned about missing his next start, Matusz said, "I would say no. I don't think it's a strain or anything like that. It's just a cramp."With the score tied at 1, the Nationals went ahead for good in the sixth. Ryan Zimmerman hit a one-out double and Michael Morse followed with his 13th home run. Ivan Rodriguez added a two-out RBI double off reliever Clay Rapada, which irritated manager Buck Showalter because pitcher Jordan Zimmermann was on deck."We made a poor pitch on Pudge," Showalter said. "We shouldn't even be touching the strike zone with the pitcher on deck. That hurt us."J.J. Hardy singled in a run in the seventh, but that's as close as the Orioles would come. Drew Storen worked a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 19 tries.Matusz was making his fourth start since being activated from the disabled list on June 1 after missing two months with a strained muscle in his left side. In his previous appearance, he yielded four runs, five hits and four walks in 1 1-3 innings against the Tampa Bay Rays, who openly wondered whether the left-hander was at full strength.Matusz pitched well for five innings against Washington but came unglued in the sixth. He was charged with four runs and six hits in 5 1-3 innings."It was a huge step forward from my last start. That's pretty evident," Matusz said.Matusz wasn't the only Oriole forced out of the game with an injury. Luke Scott left in the fourth inning with back spasms."First swing of the day, slider inside, I got some spasms going on in my back," he said. "I just finished the at-bat, kept going, hoping that the pain would subside or loosen up. Then it just kept staying tight, especially when I breathe and take a deep breath. It was hard for me to move."Scott did not expect to be sidelined for more than a day or two.Washington has won eight in a row, its longest winning streak since an eight-game run from Aug. 2-9, 2009.The game attracted a crowd of 36,614, the second-largest of the season at Nationals Park behind opening day. The teams drew 35,562 fans on Friday night.Zimmermann (5-6) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1-3 innings to win a third consecutive decision. The right-hander has not allowed more than three runs in nine successive starts since April 26."The last couple starts have been good," he said. "This one, it was good, but I didn't have my best stuff."Jones and Zimmerman both hit solo homers in the first. It was the 10th of the season for Jones and the second for Zimmerman, the first since his return from the disabled list after missing 58 games with a left abdominal tear.Derrek Lee hit a one-out double in the Baltimore fourth and took third on a single by Felix Pie. Zimmermann then struck out Mark Reynolds and retired Robert Andino on a grounder.Notes: LHP Tom Gorzellany will be activated on Sunday to start for Washington. He's been on the disabled list since May 23 with an inflamed left elbow. ... RHP Brad Bergesen, recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game, pitched two scoreless innings. ... Morse now has 42 RBIs, a new career high. He had 41 in 98 games last year. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' season going downhill in a hurryJune 18, 2011|By Peter SchmuckWASHINGTON — — Maybe this should have been obvious before Luke Scott's back seized up during his first at-bat and Brian Matusz hobbled off the field in the sixth inning of the Orioles' 4-2 loss to the Washington Nationals Saturday afternoon, but the 2011 season is hanging by a thread. President of baseball operations Andy MacPhail obviously sensed that, since he alluded to the tenuous nature of his shaky ballclub even before the Orioles took the field for the second game of their interleague series at Nationals Park. "We're teetering,'' MacPhail said. "We could teeter good. We could teeter bad. I can see things getting better, but a lot of things have to happen." var adSkipCounter = 0;  The most important of those things was a healthy rebound by Matusz, who raised all sorts of red flags in his previous start. He put up a fight this time and dueled Nationals right-hander Jordan Zimmermann to a draw until Michael Morse launched a tie-breaking two-run homer into the Nationals bullpen in the sixth, but veteran first baseman Derrek Lee saw something in Matusz's manner that didn't look right and waved manager Buck Showalter and trainer Richie Bancells to the mound. Matusz was escorted off the field and helped down the dugout steps. The club announced later in the game that he had suffered cramping in his left hamstring and is listed as day-to-day. That was the last thing MacPhail and Showalter wanted to deal with on the day after they made another wave of roster moves to solidify the bullpen and add a more dependable utility infielder. Though the hamstring problem apparently is not serious, it's hard not to be concerned when you stack it on top of Matusz's recent intercostal injury and the troublesome questions raised by his waning velocity. MacPhail admitted before the game that it was an extremely important start for Matusz and the team, which has now lost six of its past seven games and fallen six games under .500. The Orioles also have fallen to a double-digit deficit in the American League East, but this is more about the day-to-day competitiveness of the team than its place in the standings. "We're a little beat up, we're not as deep as we'd like to be and we're streaky as hell," MacPhail said. The latest Matusz injury only complicates an already disjointed pitching situation. The Orioles still don't know if Jeremy Guthrie will be about to start Tuesday night's game in Pittsburgh — though he got through his throwing session on Saturday without incident — and the bullpen clearly has been negatively affected by the hamstring injury that forced Alfredo Simon onto the disabled list. That's why Brad Bergesen was called up Friday night, because he can fill either role. The Orioles are also battling their usual demons at the plate. They had 18 hits on Friday night and managed to score only four runs. They got 13 hits from Lee, Adam Jones and Nick Markakis in that game and not one of those hits produced a run. They routinely squander no-out, multiple-base runner opportunities and seem incapable of putting pressure on vulnerable pitchers. They sorely miss Brian Roberts and now they have to wait and see how long Scott will need to recover from the middle-back spasms that left him looking very uncomfortable after the game. Showalter can't explain it, but he wondered on Saturday whether some of his hitters are just letting the gravity of the team's offensive problems weigh them down at the plate. "Sometimes, the more emphasis you put on it … the more it is brought to light … maybe there is anxiety in those RBI situations," he said. "Right now, I take some positives out of creating those situations, but there are two parts to that equation — getting them out there and getting them in." In other words, the Orioles are teetering, but the events of the past week make you wonder if things really could go either way. Right now, this team seems to be pointed decidedly in the wrong direction. "It's frustrating," Scott said. "It's hard to express in words, but tomorrow is another day. We need to focus on the opportunities that are ahead of us." That's a good thought, but the way things are going at the moment, the Orioles have reason to be wary of what tomorrow will bring. peter.schmuck@baltsun.com Listen to Peter Schmuck on "The Week in Review" on Friday's at noon on WBAL (1090AM) and WBAL.com. Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles get positive news from Guthrie's MRIStarter has muscle strain in back, could make next startJune 18, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunWASHINGTON — — The Orioles got some rare good news on the injury front Friday as starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie was diagnosed with a muscle strain in his back after an MRI and a consultation with team orthopedist Dr. John Wilckens. "This was about as good as one could have hoped," said Andy MacPhail, the Orioles' president of baseball operations. "It's good news. He's still in line potentially, no sure thing, to make his next start. So we will just see how it responds in the next two days." Guthrie, who left Thursday's outing after five innings because of back soreness, is in line to start Tuesday's game against the Pittsburgh Pirates. If he is unable to, Orioles manager Buck Showalter said, either long reliever Jason Berken will make that start or the club will summon a starter from Triple-A Norfolk. var adSkipCounter = 0;  With off days Thursday and June 27, the Orioles also have the option of juggling the rotation and possibly pushing back Guthrie. But the important news is that it doesn't appear -- as of now -- that Guthrie will need to go to the disabled list. "I think the results that we got back today were best-case scenario," said Guthrie, who is 2-8 with a 3.56 ERA in 15 outings (14 starts for the Orioles). "When you have to come out of a game, there's always a concern. But I was hopeful it would be something you can work through. "I have no idea what they have to do to make the roster work, but Dr. Wilckens said that it could be something that is gone in a couple of days or it's going to take a little longer than that. It's really going to depend on how the body responds." Showalter sounded less optimistic that Guthrie would be able to make Tuesday's start and said he and MacPhail have already discussed contingency plans. "We're obviously going to need a starter on Tuesday. Somebody that is here who is capable of doing it is Berken, but that means that you have to stay away from him," Showalter said. "I think it's kind of a work in progress to see what the needs are as far as Berken is concerned. Andy's got it wired about some things that we could do as early as tomorrow if we have to. But we have to get our arms around and get a feel for where Jeremy is today." Bergesen, Davis called up While the Orioles are seemingly willing to give Guthrie a couple of days before considering moving the starter to the disabled list, they did some roster juggling after Friday's game. Right-handed starter Brad Bergesen and utility infielder Blake Davis have both been officially recalled. Bergesen is 2-1 with a 1.64 ERA in three starts for the Tides after he was optioned May 28. He went 1-6 with a 5.36 ERA in 10 outings (nine starts) for the Orioles earlier this season. He'll likely be used as a long man and then become one of the main candidates to start Tuesday if Guthrie is unable to go. Davis, 27, was hitting .284 with five homers and 24 RBIs in 49 games for Norfolk. The versatile infielder takes the roster spot of young second baseman Ryan Adams, whom the Orioles returned to Triple-A so he can play every day. Adams has started just six games for the Orioles, batting .227 with an RBI. Double-A Bowie left-hander Pedro Viola, who is 3-1 with a 1.50 ERA and two saves in 20 appearances for the Baysox this season, joined the club Friday, but he was an insurance policy if Guthrie had to go on the disabled list. When the club learned that Guthrie's injury wasn't severe, Viola was returned to Bowie. Guerrero takes a seat Showalter met with Vladimir Guerrero on the flight from Toronto on Thursday night and explained how he plans to use the veteran with the Orioles playing six consecutive games in National League parks without a designated hitter. While Showalter didn't divulge the plan to reporters, it's pretty clear that Guerrero might get some extended time on the bench over the next week. "I wouldn't rule it out completely," Showalter said when asked about Guerrero's playing the outfield. "I'm not going to say that there isn't any situation where we wouldn't play him in the field, but tonight, obviously, he's a really good pinch hitter for us coming off the bench. Sometimes the game takes the choice part out of it, but there are some positives to be gained on both sides of it. I tried to give him a day here and there. I knew these six days were coming and there was going to be a time that he'd get a little refresher, so to speak." Some around baseball have complained vehemently about interleague play. Neither Showalter or MacPhail did so Friday, but both made it clear that the road games against National League clubs put the Orioles at a disadvantage because they lose their cleanup hitter.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosWashington Nationals' Ryan Zimmerman looks at the scoreboard after striking out against Baltimore Orioles closer Koji Uehara during the eighth inning of a baseball game in Washington, Sunday, June 19, 2011. The Orioles won 7-4. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)MoreWASHINGTON (AP) — Shoddy defense ended Washington's eight-game winning streak.The Nationals tied a season high with three errors and the Baltimore Orioles took advantage Sunday, halting Washington's longest winning streak since June 2005 with a 7-4 victory.Second baseman Danny Espinosa made an error in the ninth inning Thursday, snapping a franchise-record streak of 130 2-3 innings without a miscue. But by Sunday, that run was long forgotten."We know we were sloppy today, and that's the reason we lost," Nationals third baseman Ryan Zimmerman said. "You don't deserve to win games when you play like that."In his first start since May 23, Tom Gorzelanny (2-5) allowed five runs — four earned — in 4 2-3 innings. He gave up 10 hits.Gorzelanny had been on the disabled list with inflammation in his left elbow, and wasn't very effective."I had a lot of energy out there. I was leaving balls up," he said. "I went back and looked at everything and saw that every ball that was hit was about waist-high. You can't be successful throwing pitchers like that. I've got to make an adjustment."While Gorzelanny was on the DL, Washington used Yunesky Maya in his place. With an 0-1 record and a 6.86 ERA in four starts, Maya was sent back to the minors on Thursday.Nationals manager Jim Riggleman was hoping for better from his veteran left-hander."He normally strikes people out. He didn't have that going for him today, so he was going to have to get a double play or get a ball hit at somebody because he didn't have his strikeout stuff," Riggleman said.Mark Reynolds had three hits, including a home run, for the Orioles. J.J. Hardy also homered and Craig Tatum drove in two runs to back starter Chris Jakubauskas (2-0), who pitched five innings and got his first two major league hits. He allowed three runs and six hits, striking out six and walking one.Jim Johnson worked two scoreless innings out of the bullpen. Koji Uehara pitched two innings and allowed a run."It's been a good stretch," Riggleman said. "We put things together there for a couple of weeks and continued to play good."Baltimore's Derrek Lee had two more hits to finish 9 for 13 in the three-games series. He went 5 for 5 on Friday and had hits in his first two at-bats Saturday.The Orioles, who had lost six of seven, scored their most runs since putting up nine on May 25.Baltimore and Washington split six games this season."It was a big win for us," Lee said. "Now we have a chance to go to Pittsburgh and kind of turn it around. We've lost two series on this trip, and now if we go up there and get this series, it makes it not such a bad trip."Lee scored Baltimore's first run in the second when Tatum bounced into a double play.In the third, Hardy hit a long shot to center off Gorzelanny that landed on the grass beyond the wall. That made it 2-0.Reynolds doubled with one out in the fourth and scored on Tatum's single for a 3-0 lead.The Nationals scored two runs in the fourth off Jakubauskas on back-to-back RBI doubles by Michael Morse and Espinosa.In the fifth, the Orioles scored two more off Gorzelanny on an RBI single by Adam Jones and a run-scoring double by Lee. Jakubauskas led off the inning with a single — his first major league hit — but was thrown out when he tried to score on Hardy's double. He added his second single with two outs in the sixth.Roger Bernadina, who had three hits, homered in the fifth to cut Baltimore's lead to 5-3.Reynolds made it 6-3 on his 13th home run of the year off Todd Coffey leading off the sixth."We made errors in the first two games and they took advantage, and we took advantage today," Reynolds said. "Anytime a team gives you extra outs, it's tough to win. Today, we took advantage of it and we were able to score some runs."Tatum's sacrifice fly in the eighth gave Baltimore a 7-3 lead.Espinosa's 13th home run of the season in the ninth made it 7-4.NOTES: To make room for Gorzelanny, the Nationals placed OF Rick Ankiel on the 15-day disabled list with a strain of his left intercostal. ... Baltimore OF Luke Scott missed the game with back spasms. ... Orioles 2B Brian Roberts, on the DL since May 17 with a concussion, will meet the team in Pittsburgh on Monday and be re-evaluated Tuesday. ... Jones recorded his eighth outfield assist — best in the major leagues — when he threw out Zimmerman at second base in the first inning. ... Orioles RF Nick Markakis has hit in 10 straight games. ... The Nationals tied a season high with four double plays. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles get good news on injury frontMatusz, Scott, Guthrie improving; Roberts to work out with teamJune 19, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunWASHINGTON — Perhaps it's just a small victory in a long season, but the Orioles left Nationals Park on Sunday without placing anyone on the disabled list. The Orioles lost two players to injury Saturday afternoon and their staff leader Thursday, but it looks like all three will avoid DL stints. Left-hander Brian Matusz, who was forced to leave Saturday's start with left hamstring cramps, said he was a little sore Sunday but he still believes he will be fine for his next start — which probably will be Friday. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "It feels good. It's a little sore today, but my mobility's really good. My flexibility's there. It's just a little sore from the cramping," Matusz said. "I don't sense that there's going to be a serious problem." Left fielder Luke Scott, who left Saturday's game with back spasms, was unavailable to play Sunday but said his condition had improved. "I am feeling better," Scott said. "I am going to do some more treatments on it. Shut down for a day and hopefully be ready [Monday]." Right-hander Jeremy Guthrie (upper back strain) threw a light bullpen session Sunday, and manager Buck Showalter said he expected Guthrie to make his scheduled start Tuesday. "It went well today," Showalter said of Guthrie's side session. "He told me it looks like 90 percent, and we'll make the final call [Monday] and see how he feels from the throwing he did [Sunday]." Showalter also said second baseman Brian Roberts (concussion) will join the team Monday in Pittsburgh and "work out a little bit with us" before his Tuesday visit with sports concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins. Russell heads back to Pittsburgh Orioles third base coach John Russell will head back to Pittsburgh this week for the first time since being fired by the Pirates as manager at the end of last season. He said he still has plenty of friends there and expected to have dinner Sunday night with the doctor who delivered his son. "I spent three years as a coach and three years as a manager; you meet a lot of people," Russell said. "So you're looking forward to that." In Russell's three seasons leading the Pirates, they were 186-299 and finished last in the National League Central each season. He said he wasn't sure how he would be received by Pirates fans. "A lot of the people in Pittsburgh that knew what we were doing were very pleased with what was going on. You're always going to have the people that aren't going to be satisfied. So I'll get some mixed feelings, I guess, from the fans," Russell said. "There's a lot of people there I like and enjoy being around, the city's great and the stadium's beautiful. I'm just on the other side this time. I'm sure there will be some people that will heckle me a little bit, to say the least." Alphabet soup Sunday marked the third time in five weeks that the last names of a game's starting pitchers totaled at least 21 letters, according to Stats LLC. Chris Jakubauskas faced the Washington Nationals' Tom Gorzelanny. Jakubauskas also pitched against the Toronto Blue Jays' Carlos Villanueva on Tuesday. On May 14, the Arizona Diamondbacks' Josh Collmenter and Los Angeles Dodgers' Chad Billingsley also combined for 21 letters. You have to go back to April 12, 2010, according to Stats, for a longer combination: 23 letters (and one hyphen) when the Seattle Mariners' Ryan Rowland-Smith faced the Oakland Athletics' Justin Duchscherer. Around the horn Center fielder Adam Jones threw out Ryan Zimmerman, who was attempting to stretch a single into a double, in the first inning. It was Jones' eighth outfield assist this season, which leads all center fielders. … Jakubauskas became the first Orioles pitcher with two hits in a game since Erik Bedard did it against the Nationals at RFK Stadium on May 20, 2007. It has been accomplished 130 times in Orioles history. … Sunday's national anthem was performed on a bat-olin — a baseball bat rigged to be a violin — by Glenn Donnellan. Almost as impressive, Orioles fans, not thrown off by the bizarre instrument, managed to still scream "O" with aplomb. dan.connolly@baltsun.com twitter.com/danconnollysun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Jake Arrieta throws in the second inning during an interleague baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates in Pittsburgh, Monday, June 20, 2011. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)MorePITTSBURGH (AP) — Baltimore Orioles pitcher Jake Arrieta didn't have his best stuff on Monday night against the Pittsburgh Pirates.The way his teammates are hitting when he's on the mound these days, his best is hardly required.Arrieta moved into a tie for the American League lead in wins, taking advantage of another offensive outburst as the Orioles pounded the struggling Pirates 8-3."I really don't know what it is, the team, they find a way to put runs on the board when I'm on the mound," Arrieta said. "It's a good feeling for me. I'm not going to argue with it."The Orioles are averaging 6.5 runs when Arrieta (9-4) starts, a number they topped in the second inning while chasing Pittsburgh starter Charlie Morton (7-4). Baltimore has scored at least seven runs 11 times this season, and Arrieta has started seven of those games.Nick Markakis added three hits to extend his hitting streak to 11 games as Baltimore continued to light up the scoreboard when Arrieta takes the hill.And for a night anyway, Arrieta got in on the act. He collected his first major league hit, a bloop to shallow right field that scored Mark Reynolds to cap Baltimore's five-run first inning."I got an at-bat in the first, something I really didn't expect to do," Arrieta said. "It was a fun game to be a part of."The hit helped take some of the pressure off on a night when Arrieta was hardly dominant. He gave up three runs in five innings on a sticky night in which he labored through 87 pitches.Orioles manager Buck Showalter called Arrieta's performance "so-so," yet it was enough to lift him into a five-way tie with for the AL lead in victories. The rest of the list includes some of the top pitchers in the game, including Detroit's Justin Verlander and New York's CC Sabathia.Though his ERA is a pedestrian 4.50, Arrieta is more concerned with the scoreboard at the end of the night."It's a good feeling, being on top of the board with some of the big names around the league," he said. "I'd like to stay on pace with them. I feel like I have the stuff and ability."And apparently, the offense.Baltimore handed the Pirates their fourth straight loss by pouncing on Morton, whose June swoon continued on a night in which he gave up seven runs — six earned — and eight hits in two innings. He fell to 2-2 this month with an ERA of 8.50.His resurgence has been one of the pleasant surprises in a pleasantly surprising season for the Pirates. He endured a miserable 2010 in which he went 2-12 with a 7.57 ERA, but has revived his career thanks to an improved sinker.It rarely worked against the Orioles, who took Morton's favorite pitch and sprayed it all over PNC Park, which had a fair share of orange in the stands from Baltimore fans who made the relatively short trip west for the game.Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle blamed Morton's woes on a heavy workload."I think it's a stamina issue that he's trying to fight through," Hurdle said. "That has caused him to elevate the ball much more than he was earlier this season."Maybe, but Morton's issues began well before his pitch count could get out of hand.J.J. Hardy led off the game with an infield hit and Markakis followed a double. Both came home on a two-run single by Adam Jones and surging Derrek Lee added another RBI single before Morton managed to get an out."It's nice to get an early lead like that, but more importantly we continued to build on it," Lee said.Morton's misery, however, was just beginning as Robert Andino chipped in an RBI single before Arrieta got in on the act, lofting a flare into shallow right field, a run-scoring single that gave the Orioles a 5-0 lead.The onslaught continued in the second behind an RBI double by Matt Wieters and a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds.That was more than enough for Arrieta, who labored at times but was never in any real danger against the suddenly reeling Pirates.Pittsburgh appeared to be on the verge of a breakthrough last week, ripping off four straight wins to climb two games above .500 this late in the season for the first time in 12 years.Four losses have followed, all to American League teams that have found a way to quiet Pittsburgh's bats. The Pirates have managed just seven runs during the slide, their longest since dropping six straight from May 10-16.The victory gave the Orioles consecutive wins for the first time in nearly two weeks as Baltimore improved to 33-37. The Orioles didn't win their 33rd game last year until Aug. 3."I feel like this team has been pretty relaxed all year, we've just been a little bit streaky," Lee said. "We need to find a way to play like this more often."NOTES: Pittsburgh started Garrett Jones at first base for slumping Lyle Overbay, who could be sitting for a while. Hurdle indicated Jones will play first base for the remainder of the Baltimore series to give Overbay some time to work on his swing. The 34-year-old veteran is batting .228 and is 3 for 26 in his last eight games. ... The Pirates will honor their 1971 World Series championship team on Tuesday night by wearing throwback uniforms. ... Lee is 11 for 26 during Baltimore's current road trip. 
3 View photosPittsburgh Pirates pitcher Charlie Morton tosses the rosin bag during the first inning of an interleague baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles in Pittsburgh, Monday, June 20, 2011. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)MorePITTSBURGH (AP) — For one night, Charlie Morton looked like his old self.That wasn't necessarily a good thing for the Pittsburgh Pirates.Morton, one of the pleasant surprises this year for the pleasantly surprising Pirates, reverted to his 2010 form on Monday against the Baltimore Orioles in an 8-3 loss.The 27-year-old right-hander gave up seven runs — six earned — in two innings, struggling through 55 pitches in his worst start of the season."The biggest thing for me is not to push the panic button," Morton said. "I've got to stay positive and get back to doing what I was."Morton fell to 2-2 this month with an ERA of 8.50, numbers that are reminiscent of a miserable 2010 in which he went 2-12 with a 7.57 ERA.Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle blamed Morton's woes on a heavy workload and hinted he might have Morton (7-4) skip his next start, scheduled for this weekend against the streaking Boston Red Sox."I think it's a stamina issue that he's trying to fight through," Hurdle said. "That has caused him to elevate the ball much more than he was earlier this season."Maybe, but Morton's troubles began well before his pitch count soared. Baltimore started the game with four straight hits and opened up a 5-0 lead as the Orioles had little trouble doing whatever they wanted to Morton's sinker."(Earlier in the year) I was basically throwing the ball down in the zone and getting them to hit groundballs because my pitches had so much life," Morton said. "Now those balls are being hit. I've been a thrower and I need to become a pitcher."Baltimore Orioles pitcher Jake Arrieta wasn't much better than Morton, but then again he had the benefit of an offense that seems to spring to life when he's on the hill.Arrieta (9-4) moved into a tie for the American League lead in wins as Baltimore's bats again picked him up.The Orioles are averaging 6.5 runs when Arrieta starts, a number they topped in the second inning while chasing Morton."I really don't know what it is, the team, they find a way to put runs on the board when I'm on the mound," Arrieta said. "It's a good feeling for me. I'm not going to argue with it."Nick Markakis added three hits to extend his hitting streak to 11 games for the Orioles.And for a night anyway, Arrieta got in on the act. He collected his first major league hit, a bloop single to shallow right field that scored Mark Reynolds to cap Baltimore's five-run first inning."I got an at-bat in the first, something I really didn't expect to do," Arrieta said. "It was a fun game to be a part of."The hit helped take some of the pressure off on a night when Arrieta was hardly dominant. He gave up three runs in five innings on a sticky night in which he labored through 87 pitches.Orioles manager Buck Showalter called Arrieta's performance "so-so," yet it was enough to lift him into a five-way tie with for the AL lead in victories. The rest of the list includes some of the top pitchers in the game, including Detroit's Justin Verlander and New York's CC Sabathia.Though his ERA is a pedestrian 4.50, Arrieta is more concerned with the scoreboard at the end of the night."It's a good feeling, being on top of the board with some of the big names around the league," he said. "I'd like to stay on pace with them. I feel like I have the stuff and ability."And apparently, the offense.Baltimore has scored at least seven runs 11 times this season, and Arrieta has started seven of those games.Pittsburgh appeared to be on the verge of a breakthrough last week, ripping off four straight wins to climb two games above .500 this late in the season for the first time in 12 years.Four losses have followed, all to American League teams that have found a way to quiet Pittsburgh's bats. The Pirates have managed just seven runs during the slide, their longest since dropping six straight from May 10-16.Hurdle thought he saw better at-bats by his team, if not better results."We squared up on some balls (and) we didn't chase as much," Hurdle said. "But I can't sugarcoat it. We only had five hits."NOTES: Pittsburgh started Garrett Jones at first base for slumping Lyle Overbay, who could be sitting for a while. Hurdle indicated Jones will play first base for the remainder of the Baltimore series to give Overbay some time to work on his swing. The 34-year-old veteran is batting .228 and is 3 for 26 in his last eight games. ... The Pirates will honor their 1971 World Series championship team on Tuesday night by wearing throwback uniforms. 
3 View photosPittsburgh Pirates starting pitcher Kevin Correia (29) throws against the Baltimore Orioles in the second inning of an interleague baseball game, Wednesday, June 22, 2011, in Pittsburgh. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic)MorePITTSBURGH (AP) — The Orioles' Blake Davis made an error in his major league debut, allowing Pittsburgh to score the tying and go-ahead runs in the Pirates' 5-4 victory over Baltimore on Wednesday.Josh Harrison's ground ball to second with two outs and runners on second and third in the fifth went through Davis' legs, and Brandon Wood and Michael McKenry scored on the error.Andrew McCutchen had two hits, a run and an RBI for Pittsburgh (37-37), which took the final two games of the series following a four-game losing streak and to reach .500.Kevin Correia (9-6) tied for the major league lead in victories, and Joel Hanrahan became just the third Pirates pitcher to record 20 saves before the All-star break.Nick Markakis went 3 for 5 with an RBI, and J.J. Hardy had two hits, including a two-run double, for Baltimore. The Orioles have lost eight of 11.Correia did not have a perfect inning, pitching out of trouble enough to make it through six innings. He was charged with four runs on nine hits and a walk with five strikeouts, winning for the first time since June 1.Hanrahan, who pitched a perfect ninth, has not blown a save this season. He joins Mike Williams (2002-03) and Jose Mesa (2004-05) as the only Pirates with 20 saves before the All-star break.Baltimore starter Zach Britton gave up singles to the first three batters he faced, with McCutchen driving in Jose Tabata. Harrison scored when Neil Walker followed by grounding into a double play.Britton would retire the next eight before running into trouble again in the fourth. McCutchen led off with a double, advanced on a wild pitch and scored on Walker's groundout.Walker has 17 RBIs in June, the most RBIs of any second baseman in the majors and the third-most RBIs of any NL player since last season's All-star break.Markakis extended the American League's longest active hitting streak to 13 games. He had an RBI single in the third.Hardy lined a two-run double past a diving Harrison at third with two outs in the fourth, giving Baltimore its only lead.Britton (6-5) has won only once since May 1. The rookie allowed five runs — three earned — on seven hits and a walk with five strikeouts in seven innings. He also went 2 for 3, meaning Orioles pitchers are 7 for 15 this season.Notes: Davis went 0 for 4. ... Pirates manager Clint Hurdle gave SS Ronny Cedeno the day off. ... Pittsburgh has scored 49 first-inning runs, tied for second in the majors. ... The Pirates have the majors' worst all-time interleague record but are 54-53 against the AL at home. Pittsburgh is 4-2 at PNC Park against AL teams this season; 0-3 on the road. 
3 View photosPittsburgh Pirates' Garrett Jones, right, returns to the dugout after scoring on a sacrifice fly by Pirates Neil Walker during the first inning of an interleague baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles in Pittsburgh, Tuesday, June 21, 2011. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar)MorePITTSBURGH (AP) — Baltimore pitcher Jeremy Guthrie's back was OK.His stuff? Not so much.Four days after an MRI revealed a minor back strain, Guthrie gutted through 97 pitches in a 9-3 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates, though manager Buck Showalter hardly placed the blame on his hard-luck pitcher.Guthrie (2-9) settled down after a rocky first inning to give up six runs — five earned — while walking three and striking out two in 6 1-3 innings, staying in the game late to try and save a tired Baltimore bullpen.Showalter praised Guthrie's toughness and instead placed most of the blame on an offense that left 10 runners on base, including six in the first four innings after the Pirates jumped to a 5-0 lead."We had some opportunities," Showalter said. "I'm proud of the way (Guthrie) gave us some innings. He hung in there."Yet Guthrie was hardly in the mood to celebrate a moral victory after dropping into a tie for the American League lead in losses."I didn't make very good pitches, I didn't have very good stuff," he said. "My offspeed was not crisp, and the fastball, a lot of mistakes were made with it and they came out swinging.""You've got to tip your hat to (Pittsburgh's) bullpen," Baltimore third baseman Mark Reynolds said. "They came in and did a great job. We weren't able to put anything together off them."Chris Resop (3-2) picked up the victory in relief after starter James McDonald couldn't get through the requisite five innings even though he was staked to an early five-run lead."(Resop) has done the job a number of times this season with runners on base, has come in right on right and get people," Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle said.Resop keyed another sparkling performance by Pittsburgh's bullpen. A night after relievers logged seven effective innings in an 8-3 loss Resop, Tony Watson, Jose Veras and Tim Wood held Baltimore scoreless after the Orioles cut it to 5-3 in the fifth and allowed the Pirates to break it open late."All these guys have pitched a lot of innings in the last week and pitched extremely well and it (was) time on offense that we gave them a little breathing room," Hurdle said.Pittsburgh's offense finally broke out after slumping during a four-game slide. Hurdle thinks his team may have been inspired by the throwback uniforms the Pirates wore to honor the 40th anniversary of the club's 1971 World Series title."We average nine runs a game in these unis," he joked.Neil Walker had two hits and drove in three runs while Jose Tabata, Garrett Jones and Xavier Paul all knocked in two runs apiece for Pittsburgh, which has won three interleague games this year, one more than it managed last season.The retro look was part of a festive night in which the Pirates feted the championship team that beat the Orioles in seven games four decades ago. A pregame ceremony honored a team that included Hall of Famers Roberto Clemente and Bill Mazeroski.Those heady days are a lifetime ago for both franchises. Baltimore and Pittsburgh have combined for 31 consecutive losing seasons, though both clubs have shown signs of progress this spring, particularly the Pirates.Pittsburgh improved to 36-37 heading into Wednesday's series finale by breaking out of a mini-slump. The Pirates' nine runs were two more than they scored during their four-game slide.They busted out by doing the little things. Jones hit a two-run double in the bottom of the first then Andrew McCutchen — batting clean-up for just the second time this year — dropped a bunt to move Jones over. Jones later scored on a sacrifice fly by Walker."We're not a team that is going to hit three-run homers all the time," McCutchen said. "We've got to play small ball. Regardless of where we are in the lineup, where I am in the lineup, I'm going to continue to play the game the right way."McDonald tried to hang long enough to pick up his sixth win of the season but never looked completely comfortable on a muggy night.Home runs by J.J. Hardy and Adam Jones pulled Baltimore within 5-3 in the fifth. A single and a walk put the tying run on first base with two outs when Hurdle came to the mound to pull McDonald after 104 pitches and one out short of qualifying for the win. He gave up three runs, walked four and struck out three in 4 2-3 innings."His stuff was up, his command was pretty much gone and we needed to win the ballgame," Hurdle said.The 26-year-old bent his head while handing the ball to Hurdle and tugged at his cap before slowly jogging off the field."Five innings, I don't think, is good enough, I think I need to go deeper in games," McDonald said. "I think a lot of times I get myself in trouble."Resop escaped the jam by striking out Robert Andino.NOTES: Pittsburgh RHP Charlie Morton will skip his next scheduled start on Sunday against Boston because of arm fatigue. McDonald will start in Morton's place. Morton is 2-2 with an 8.50 ERA in June. ... Showalter said 2B Brian Roberts will be out at least through the All-Star break while he continues to deal with concussion-like symptoms. ... Baltimore's Nick Markakis extended his hitting streak to 12 games with a single in the fifth. 
0      Supported by    Magazine  For Derek Jeter, on His 37th Birthday  By MICHAEL SOKOLOVEJUNE 23, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                  if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Age has reduced Derek Jeter, who turns 37 on June 26, to human scale.  Credit             Jim Mcisaac/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  Derek Jeter, the Yankee captain, as we are often reminded, emerged from the visitors’ dugout about two hours before a game last month at Baltimore’s Camden Yards and into late-afternoon sunshine. “Derek!” a middle-aged man in a Yankees cap called out from the first row of seats.“Hey, buddy, how you doin’?” Jeter said, giving a glance over his shoulder but not breaking stride. He continued on toward home plate, where several Orioles players stepped away from their pregame batting practice to shake his hand.Jeter is his era’s DiMaggio. Admired. Diffident. By all outward appearances, charmed. He became the Yankees’ full-time shortstop in 1996, at age 21, and only once since then has his team failed to qualify for the playoffs. (His 599 postseason at-bats amount to just about an extra season’s worth of swings.) The Yankees have reached the World Series seven times during Jeter’s tenure and prevailed in five of them. Jeter is just 6 hits from becoming the 28th player in baseball history to reach 3,000 hits (a quest that was delayed when he was placed on the disabled list with a calf strain on June 14). His baseball earnings have surpassed $200 million — not counting the three-year, $51-million contract that he signed before this season. The tabloids track his romances with one glamorous woman after another — the latest being the actress Minka Kelly, Esquire’s “Sexiest Woman Alive” in 2010. He is building a house in Tampa, Fla., a waterfront paradise so massive, at 30,875 square feet, that locals have dubbed it St. Jetersburg.Just one thing has reduced Jeter to human scale, and it is not surprising what it is: age. On June 26 he turns 37, which makes Jeter a decade older than Einstein was when he published the special theory of relativity, a decade older than Lindbergh when he set the Spirit of St. Louis down in Paris and 15 years older than Ted Williams when he batted .406 in 1941. Even more to the point, Jeter is a dozen years past the best baseball version of himself — the 25-year-old who in 1999 played a sprightly shortstop and also functioned as a slugger, hitting 24 home runs, to go with 102 runs batted in and a batting average of .349. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The night I watched him in Baltimore was like most games for Jeter these days, only more so, because it went on for 15 innings. He came to bat seven times, and in six of those he hit ground balls — two of which squirted through the infield for base hits. He struck out in his other plate appearance. He leads all of baseball, by a wide margin, in his ratio of ground balls to balls lifted in the air, an arcane but telling statistic. Jeter can no longer consistently bring the bat through the hitting zone at the proper moment, and with enough authority, to hit line drives into the outfield gaps or fly balls that clear the fences. (Think of that classic advice to Little League hitters: Swing the bat as if you’re mad at the ball! Jeter swings as if he’s mad at the ground, with an abbreviated, downward stroke that pounds ball after ball into the turf.) In his best season, he had 70 extra-base hits. He is on pace for just 30 extra-base hits this season, meaning that about once a week he gets something more than a single.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  We’re fascinated by sports partly because in physical matters, elite athletes set the outer limits. They do what we wish we could: hit a baseball 400 feet, dunk a basketball, sprint 100 meters in less than 10 seconds. Their feats look so pleasurable in the doing that some of us, long past our best playing days, dream at night we are in their realm — say, for example, patrolling the expanse of a big-league center field, or digging our cleats into the batter’s box as a pitcher goes into his windup. (Or firing a slapshot at a goalie, as one of my dreams went not too long ago, even though I have never played ice hockey in my life and don’t even follow the sport.)But the careers of elite athletes, enviable as they may be, are foreshortened versions of a human lifespan. Physical decline — in specific ways that affect what they do and who they are — begins for them before it does for normal people. The athletes themselves rarely see the beginnings of this process, or if they do, either do not acknowledge it or try to fight it off like just another inside fastball. They alter their training routines. Eat more chicken and fish, less red meat. They try to get “smarter” at their sport.A great many of us, their fans, live in our own version of denial — even in this age of super-slow-motion replay and ever more granular statistical data. We want to think our favorite players have good years left, great accomplishments ahead of them, just as we would hope the same for ourselves. The writer Susan Jacoby, who happens to be a devoted baseball fan, is the author of “Never Say Die: The Myth and Marketing of the New Old Age.” “Fans don’t like to watch aging in these relatively young guys,” she told me. “It makes us uncomfortable. We think, If it happens to them, what the hell is going to happen to us?” Jacoby, a self-described insomniac who listens to sports-talk radio in the middle of the night, said she has been appalled at the “venom” she sometimes hears directed at Jeter. “It’s like they’re saying, ‘The hero is not performing.’ Well, he’s gotten older.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Older, for ballplayers, begins much sooner than we think. “A lot of fans, if they really studied it, would be surprised at how early players really peak, especially hitters,” Jed Hoyer said when he spoke to me by phone from San Diego, where he is general manager of the Padres. Previously he was an executive with the Red Sox, one of the more data-driven franchises in baseball. “The years of 26 to 30 are usually the prime years,” Hoyer continued, “but you’ll see plenty of guys start to trend down, even if it’s subtle, before they’re 30.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The concept of “old” is mutable in many of the sports we follow. The swimmer Michael Phelps, perhaps the greatest U.S. Olympian ever, climbed out of the water after a race a couple of months ago and said to reporters, “I feel like an old man coming out of the pool sometimes.” Phelps, who turns 26 at the end of the month, is indeed past his prime, but mainly because of the course he and his coach set. Phelps trained six consecutive years over one period without taking a single day off, a regimen that produced 16 medals at the last two summer Olympics, including eight golds in 2008 in Beijing. He is stronger than he has ever been and just about as lean — 197 pounds as opposed to the 193 he weighed at his first Olympics, when he was 15. If all it took was physical attributes, Phelps could probably match his accomplishments from Beijing. But he can no longer summon the focus and motivation to train like he did. Phelps plans to swim in London in 2012, but in fewer events. “There’s a volitional and psychological window,” Phelps’s coach, Bob Bowman, told me. “It closes. A lot of it has to do with the effort you put in up to that point.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  A version of the same syndrome — in the vernacular, “burnout” — may be afflicting Tiger Woods, who looks like a very old 35-year-old in a sport in which 35 isn’t that old. Yes, Woods has suffered numerous injuries as well as an incalculable impact on his performance from chaos in his personal life. But it is also true that he has been hyperfocused on golf for an unusually long time — in essence, a professional since he was 2, when he carried a tiny golf bag onto the set of “The Mike Douglas Show” and, with Bob Hope looking over his shoulder, demonstrated his swing. Lots of things are no doubt troubling Woods, but 33 years of high-intensity golf in 35 years of life is quite likely part of the problem.Pro basketball, with its focus on the extreme athleticism of its players, is marketed as a young man’s game, but at the championship level, it is just as often a sport for old men. Nearly every year, one of the older teams in the league — versions of the stereotypical old heads at the “Y” — advances to and often wins the N.B.A. finals. Earlier this month, the Dallas Mavericks — led by the 33-year-old Dirk Nowitzki, the 38-year-old Jason Kidd, in his 17th season in the league, and several other key players well into their 30s — prevailed in the finals over the 26-year-old LeBron James and the much younger Miami Heat. In basketball, a player who loses his man on defense can get help from a teammate. Crafty older players find ways to compensate for their loss of quickness. Cleverness matters. (Fake shot, induce overeager youngster off his feet to attempt block, lean forward as he lands on you — advance to foul line for two free throws.)Baseball offers no such workarounds. It is said to be the hardest game to understand, the most nuanced. And yet, for all the rich literature paying it homage, from Roth, Updike and Malamud to countless lesser literary figures, it is, at its core, about one thing only: pitcher versus hitter, an unforgiving competitive dynamic.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “How can you think and hit at the same time?” Yogi Berra once said, which like many of the quotes attributed to the former Yankees catcher, even the malapropisms, contains an essential truth. You can’t think and hit because there’s not time for both.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In 1987, A. Bartlett Giamatti, then president of the National League and soon to become baseball’s commissioner, was curious to know more about the science of the pitcher-hitter duel. He asked an old friend, the Yale professor Robert Adair, to do some research and gave him the title, no doubt with a wink, Physicist to the National League. Adair ended up producing a book, “The Physics of Baseball,” that is surprisingly accessible and even funny at times. If any aspiring young player were to read it, he might give up the idea of trying to make a living hitting a baseball, because it seems nearly impossible.At 90 miles per hour, average major-league speed, a baseball leaves the pitcher’s hand and travels about 56 feet to home plate in 0.4 seconds, or 400 milliseconds. The batter’s eyes must first find the ball, Adair writes, then sensory cells in the retina encode information on its speed and trajectory and send it to the brain. This all takes about 75 milliseconds, during which the pitched ball has traveled nine feet.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The brain then sends messages through the spinal cord that tell muscles to initiate the swing. Adair writes that the first such messages go to the batter’s legs to prompt him to step into the ball. (Jeter, at the beginning of this season, tried to hit without a stride. Instead of making his own actions quicker, he basically tried to buy himself some milliseconds by retraining his brain to skip the first part of the swing process. He wasn’t comfortable with it and is taking a stride again, though it’s a short one.)The batter continues to track the ball as muscles in his arms and upper body begin to bring the bat around, but once the pitch is halfway to the plate, it is too late for him to change the swing plane. He must instantaneously form a mental picture of the ball’s course, then direct his swing to where he believes it will be. This is why batters are fooled by sliders and other pitches with so-called late break. If it weren’t “psychologically upsetting,” Adair writes, a hitter could just as well close his eyes once the ball is halfway to the plate and get the same result.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The pitcher-hitter confrontation is weighted against any hitter, but particularly older ones, because the batter’s success depends almost entirely on attributes that decline with age — eyesight, visual processing and fast-twitch muscle. Most big-league hitters tend to have good eyesight (they’re young), but even if they retain it into their 30s, it has probably already degraded in subtle ways. “There’s 20-20, and there’s amazing 20-20,” Don Teig, a Connecticut optometrist who works with professional athletes, told me. “You may still be able to read the line on the eye chart, but after your early 20s, you probably won’t see it with the same clarity and detail.”According to Teig, the “visual-motor system,” as he called it — nerves and muscles that control the focusing of the lens, as well as the lens itself — becomes less supple with age. At the same time, an athlete Jeter’s age is going through changes in muscle composition that make him less explosive. Human muscle is made up of fast-twitch and slow-twitch fibers, which people have in different proportions. No matter what your starting mix is, you lose fast-twitch fibers before you notice a decline in overall muscle mass.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The whole state of affairs — diminished eyesight, slower visual processing, slower-firing muscles — amounts to a sort of triple whammy for someone trying to hit in the big leagues. The changes might be infinitesimal, but the margin for error is nil.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  A baseball player devoted to training can maintain his overall strength, fitness, flexibility and balance, just as millions of adults do well into middle age if they devote themselves to working out. But it is impossible — at least within the rules as they relate to performance-enhancing drugs — for a ballplayer to be as fast-firing at 37 as he was in his mid-20s. As H. Lee Sweeney, chairman of physiology at the University of Pennsylvania’s medical school, explained it to me: “Your speed and power are the first things that go. You can do the same exercises every day. You can increase your workouts. But there’s not a lot you can do about it.” Photo        Credit             Photo illustration by Tom Schierlitz for The New York Times. Set Design by Kevin O'Callaghan, James Korpai and Chris Malec.           The Yankees’ starting pitcher in that 15-inning game in Baltimore was Bartolo Colon, who is the unlikeliest-looking big-league hurler I’ve ever seen. At 5-foot-11 and 265 pounds, with meaty forearms and a huge midsection, he has the build and bearing of a boxer who let himself go after leaving the ring and put on about 80 pounds.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Colon has also had an unlikely career arc. After a decade as an elite pitcher, ending in 2005, when he was 32, he pitched sparingly over the next four seasons because of injuries — and not at all last year. An article in The New York Times in May revealed that Colon underwent a novel operation before this season in his native Dominican Republic: his own fat and bone-marrow stem cells were injected into his right elbow, to treat an injured ligament, and shoulder, for a damaged rotator cuff. The Florida doctor who performed the surgery said he has used human-growth hormone in similar treatments in other patients, but not with Colon; had he done so, that could be construed as a violation of baseball’s drug policies. Baseball is investigating.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The entire issue is ethically murky, as is usually the case in matters of sports and performance enhancement. Colon’s surgery certainly sounds strange, but no more so than the surgery Tommy John had to repair the ulnar collateral ligament in his left elbow must have seemed in 1974 — a procedure now so routine that it’s performed on high-school pitchers and even Little Leaguers. In “Tommy John surgery,” as it is now commonly called, a new ligament, usually from a pitcher’s own tissue, is used as a graft inside his elbow. But sometimes cadaver tissue is used — which, in theory, could be considered a performance-enhancing element from outside the body, just as synthetic human-growth hormone is.Colon, who is 38, has been amazing this season. He pitches deep into games. His fastball has been clocked at 97 miles per hour. But to watch him out there on the mound, a fat man with a bionic arm, is a little surreal. (Colon went on the disabled list earlier this month, but the injury was not to his arm; he strained the hamstring muscle in his left leg while running to cover first base.) Whatever the circumstances of his operation, he calls to mind baseball’s steroid era — roughly, the 1990s through about 2004 — when the game’s historic norms as they relate to age and performance were subverted and players in their mid-30s and older surged rather than declined.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Steroids are synthetic versions of testosterone. They worked beautifully for baseball players because they replenished muscle — including fast-twitch fibers — that would otherwise have been diminishing as levels of natural testosterone declined with age. Barry Bonds hit 258 home runs in his five seasons between the ages of 35 and 39 — an average of 51 a year. The pitcher Roger Clemens led the National League in earned-run average at age 42. Rafael Palmeiro’s best home-run seasons began when he was 30 and continued until he was 38. Many others experienced similar improvement. Baseball had never seen anything like it. (Bonds and Palmeiro have acknowledged their steroid use, though Bonds said he doped unknowingly. Clemens is awaiting trial on charges related to lying about steroid use; he has pleaded not guilty and denies doping.)The mythology is that old-time players, who did not lift weights and knew nothing about nutrition, had mercilessly short careers. And that today’s players, who condition themselves year-round — often with the help of private trainers, the most up-to-date scientific methods, nutritionists and massage therapists — play longer and have more years of peak performance. It makes sense. It’s also not true.With more rigorous drug testing, a typical baseball career is beginning to look again as it did throughout the game’s history. Journeymen players stay in the game until their early- or mid-30s, and all-star-level players maybe a couple of years beyond that. A handful of superstars retain enough skills to make significant contributions into their late 30s. Those with the most talent almost certainly lose their skills at the same rate as lesser players, but they stay in the game for a long time because 85 percent of a superstar is still a very good player.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The rotund, hard-living Babe Ruth was a productive player until age 39. Older baseball fans remember Willie Mays’s sad last years with Mets, when he was past 40 and couldn’t play anymore, and may assume that he hung on far too long. But at age 40, while still playing for the San Francisco Giants, Mays led the league in on-base percentage and stole 23 bases.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Even the game’s greatest players, though, cannot defy biology. However long they play, their best seasons occur when they are still strapping young men in all their fast-twitch glory. Stan Musial, who played till age 42, had his best home-run year at 27. Joe DiMaggio retired at 36 but his strongest season — 46 home runs, 167 runs batted in, .673 slugging percentage — came when he was just 22. Ken Griffey Jr. played through the heart of the steroid era but is one of the few sluggers from that age untouched by scandal. His four best power years were from age 26 to 29.When hitters begin to show signs of age — swings and misses, foul balls and weak ground balls on pitches they used to crush — they start to “cheat,” as it is said within the game. The term doesn’t mean what it sounds like and has nothing to do with taking drugs or using corked bats. What’s meant by it is that players make adjustments. A hitter will look for a certain kind of pitch, or “eliminate” parts of the strike zone and decide to swing only at, say, a pitch on the inner half, below the belt. He makes an educated guess about what a pitcher will throw based on years of experience in the game. It amounts to making a swing plan in advance, and it’s more common among older hitters who cannot respond as quickly to what they see.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  One night in Miami, at the home ballpark of the Florida Marlins, I sat behind home plate with a scout for a big-league team, whose job it is to observe and report on the tendencies and weaknesses of future opponents. He had recently seen a game involving the Phillies, whose 39-year-old left fielder, Raul Ibanez, was slumping. The scout figured Ibanez would revive, at least somewhat. “He’s one of the biggest cheaters out there,” he said, meaning it as a compliment.On the field that night before the game, I talked with Andre Dawson, a Hall of Famer who played mostly with the Chicago Cubs and the Montreal Expos and is now a Marlins executive. Dawson was in uniform — he had been participating in some pregame drills — and at 56 still looked trim and strong. I asked him when he felt at his absolute physical peak. “Wow,” he said. “A long time ago. I would say probably at about 27.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Dawson had his best year relatively late, at 32. By his mid-30s, he could sense that he had lost something. “The funny thing is that I was a stronger man in all ways,” he said. “But my bat was not as quick. I could tell. You start missing pitches, fouling off pitches you used to square up. You’re a hair late. It’s not a good feeling. That’s when you start playing the mind game with the pitcher and catcher.” I asked if that meant that he was just guessing at what the pitcher would throw. Dawson chuckled. “We hitters don’t like to call it that,” he said. “We say you’re ‘sitting on a pitch.’ And if you get that pitch, you’d better hit it.” [{"headline":"The New York Times Magazine","summary":"The best of The New York Times Magazine delivered to your inbox every week, including exclusive feature stories, photography, columns and more.","product-code":"MA","product-title":"The New York Times Magazine","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/magazine?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=MA&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Morning Briefing","summary":"Get what you need to know to start your day in the United States, Canada and the Americas, delivered to your inbox.","product-code":"NN","product-title":"Morning Briefing","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/morning-briefing?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=NN&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"NYT Living","summary":"Get lifestyle news from the Style, Travel and Food sections, from the latest trends to news you can use.","product-code":"LI","product-title":"NYT Living","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/pages\/nytliving\/nytliving-email\/index.html?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=LI&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Players who are still competing tend to have a harder time talking about the diminishment of their skills. Vanity and a kind of arrogance are components of success in any sport. To admit weakness is akin to peeling off a protective layer. It feels like inviting failure, and it may be.Pat Burrell, a 34-year-old outfielder for the World Series champion San Francisco Giants, had his breakout year as a member of the Phillies in 2002, at 25. He had another big year at age 28, and though he has put together some decent years since, he has never been that good again. Before signing on with the Giants, he was released by the Tampa Bay Rays. In the visitor’s clubhouse before a Giants game in Washington, I asked him if he ever fails to connect with a pitch and thinks to himself that it’s a pitch he would have crushed when he was 25. “Not really,” he said. “And to be honest with you, if I let my mind go in that direction, I don’t think I’d still be here.”Burrell said the one concession he has made to age is that he switched to a bat that is a half-inch shorter and a half-ounce lighter than what he used to use. “I don’t know if it helps. It feels like it does, especially if you’ve got to swing it 500 times a year.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Robert Adair, the “Physics of Baseball” author, writes that a batter has “just two or three blinks of the eye to see the pitch, judge the correct response and make the movements required to hit the ball squarely.” He calculates that 1/100th of a second is what separates a solidly hit line drive to center field from a late swing that fouls a ball off into the seats. So Burrell could be doing the right thing: Don’t think too much, and swing a lighter bat.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Across the locker room, I had a conversation with Tim Flannery, the Giants’ third-base coach, a solid but unspectacular infielder whose 11-year career with the San Diego Padres ended in 1989. “I was done at 32, which is a lot different than it was for some of the guys that came after me,” he began. “Knowing what we know now, they had a little help.”The end for Flannery was probably atypical in that he experienced it as something like a revelation over a Fourth of July weekend. “It was July 1, 1989, at Busch Stadium in St. Louis,” he said. “I’m playing third base, and Ozzie Smith hits a ball down on me to my right, right where I could always short-hop it and turn it into a double play. But I couldn’t get to it. The ball went off my glove and rolled down into the corner and three runs scored. I lost the game for us. And I remember calling my wife that night. She was coming back from a Fourth of July party on the beach, and she had had a couple of drinks. And she said: ‘Oh, it was the greatest party. How are you?’ And I said: ‘Didn’t you watch the game? I’m done. I’m retiring.’ And I did at the end of that season. My last game was Sept. 29, 1989.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Derek Jeter signed a three-year contract in December that will pay him $17 million a year through the season he turns 39. The talks beforehand were contentious, and Jeter made no secret of the fact that he was angry about how they went and was particularly upset that the Yankees invited him to test the free-agent market to see if some other team would meet his demands. “It was an uncomfortable position that I felt I was in,” he told reporters after the deal was signed. “It was not an enjoyable experience.”Not enjoyable? Jeter’s rare burst of public candor seemed to betray a sense of entitlement and a worldview formed within a bubble shared by other highly paid athletes and celebrities. Lots of regular people, after all, would happily endure being mildly affronted before getting a guaranteed $51 million.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Yankees management wasn’t all that happy, either. Jeter was a beloved Yankee with a significant milestone looming, his 3,000th hit. For him to get that hit in the uniform of some other team was inconceivable. Jeter and his agent forced the Yankees’ hand, pushing for a contract that compensates him, in large part, for past performance and his status as an icon rather than for what his on-field production is projected to be. (The Yankees can well afford their shortstop’s salary, which is only the sixth-highest on a team with the richest payroll in baseball. On the other hand, if the front office is giving out money as an expression of goodwill, there might be more needy beneficiaries in the New York metropolitan area than Jeter, whose expired 10-year-contract paid him about $19 million a season.)The subtext of everything, of course, was age. Jeter plays the most important defensive position on the field, one that requires the same kind of reflexes and explosive bursts that it takes to hit big-league pitching. Shortstops — and their double-play partners at second base — tend to have less productive late careers than the sluggers who play elsewhere in the field. Barry Larkin, a shortstop similar to Jeter in his skills and body type, and a probable Hall of Famer someday, is one of many examples. He retired at age 40 in 2004 but had his last good full season at age 35, followed by an injury-plagued average year the following season and then steep decline. If you look at statistics for other top middle infielders from recent decades — Joe Morgan, Ryne Sandberg, Alan Trammell, Lou Whitaker — you find similar patterns. Photo        Credit             Photo illustration by Tom Schierlitz. Set design by Kevin O’Callaghan, James Korpai and Chris Malec. Food stylist: Karen Evans.           New baseball statistics have proliferated in recent years, yielding a more nuanced view of performance than traditional numbers like batting average, runs batted in and earned-run average do. (The difference between the old and the new statistics is akin to that between an X-ray and an M.R.I. — the new ones give more information, although sometimes more than you want or need.) New fielding statistics that have come into vogue indicate that Jeter has never been as good defensively as many fans presume — that he has fielded a high percentage of his chances cleanly but hasn’t reached as many balls as the best players at his position. With age, his “range factor” has declined further from a not-so-impressive starting point; as of mid-June, he was dead last this season in both that category and another, “zone range,” among starting major-league shortstops.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Scouts are sort of the undercover agents of baseball and will rarely consent to be quoted by name. I asked the scout I visited with in Florida about Jeter, and his answer was succinct. “His hands are not as quick,” he said. “His feet are not as quick. His overall strength is diminished.” The scout summed it up by saying, “Father Time catches up with all of us.”The most damning statistic involving Jeter is a traditional one: slugging percentage. It is what it sounds like, a measure of oomph — what a hitter’s base hits really add up to. (The equation is total bases divided by at-bats.)As a leadoff hitter, Jeter’s role is to be a so-called place setter, to get on base in front of the run producers, and he has done so impressively, with a career .314 batting average entering this season. But he didn’t just dink singles in front of outfielders. His ability to drive the ball with power and get extra-base hits created more runs for the Yankees for obvious reasons: a hitter who gets himself to second or third base is more likely to be driven home than one who hits a single. (And he drove in plenty of runs himself, an average of 75 a season.)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  That aspect of his game is gone. Until he went on the disabled list in mid-June, his slugging percentage this year was .324, far below his career average of .449, and was 147th out of 163 big leaguers with enough plate appearances to be ranked. Among shortstops, he ranked 20th out of 24th. He was hitting just .260 and was on pace to drive in fewer than 50 runs.In addition to his steady excellence as a player, Jeter has been valued for his leadership, a quality that cannot be measured statistically but can also decline with age — even though “veteran leadership” is an ingredient most teams say they covet. But in a baseball clubhouse, as in any workplace, the person struggling at his job is not always the one you turn to for inspiration or clarity of thought. Veteran players, unsure of their own futures, sometimes view the game through their own narrow perspective and come to believe that maturity trumps production.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In mid-May, Jeter’s close friend Jorge Posada, 39 years old and hitting a paltry .165 at the time, took umbrage at being slotted ninth in the batting order and refused to play one evening, even though he was not injured and the nationally televised game was against the Boston Red Sox. But he felt insulted to be hitting so low in the order. Any fan would know that a guy with that average is lucky to be in the lineup at all. But Jeter came to Posada’s defense when reporters approached him for comment. “I ain’t lying to you,” the Yankee captain said. “If I thought he did something wrong, I would tell him.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  It was a strange statement, and one that Yankees management did not appreciate. Jeter had to participate in a conference call the next morning with the team brass that included one of the owners, the general partner Hal Steinbrenner.The prospect of this article did not sit well with the Yankees, or at least elements of its hierarchy. Jason Zillo, the team’s media director, would not grant me access to the Yankees’ clubhouse before games to do interviews. I have been a baseball beat writer, have written two baseball books and have routinely been granted clubhouse credentials for a quarter-century, as just about anyone connected to a reputable publication or broadcast outlet usually is. “We’re not interested in helping you, so why should I let you in?” Zillo said, before further explaining that he views his role as a “gatekeeper” against stories the Yankees would rather not see in print.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  I was surprised that he would deny access to The New York Times Magazine. But if I learned anything over the course of working on this article, it is that aging is a sensitive issue. It happens to everyone, but that doesn’t mean we’re comfortable with it. Jeter has become a lightning rod on the topic. We see him getting old, but we’re supposed to pretend he is just in a prolonged slump. “The reason the response to athletes’ getting older is so powerful is that the decline occurs in public,” Susan Jacoby told me. “We don’t see it when a man has trouble with an erection for the first time. Or a mathematics professor forgets something. It’s not Alzheimer’s, but it’s age, and it’s difficult. But it’s private.”I did have pregame field credentials issued by the Orioles for the series in Baltimore and was able to talk with Kevin Long, the Yankees’ hitting coach, among others. Long worked with Jeter to eliminate his stride in the spring, an initiative that was scrapped not long into April. He said Jeter’s current approach at the plate was “fine — I don’t see big issues with it.”“We’re going to see how this year goes,” Long said. “When it’s over, we may try to come up with a better way, or we’ll say, ‘We’re right where we need to be.’ And we might be. Who knows?”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Mariano Rivera was sitting in the dugout, just finishing a cellphone call. At 41, he, not Jeter, is the Yankees’ ageless wonder. Pitchers initiate the action in baseball. Reflexes and fast-twitch muscle are less important. They rarely make it much past their mid-30s as top performers because their arms wear out — elbows, shoulders — but Rivera’s has not, and he remains among the game’s elite relievers.I asked him if, as a pitcher, he can sense when a hitter is trying to compensate for lost bat speed. “Of course,” he said. “They try not to let you know. They try to cheat. They will open up quicker. Try to start their swing sooner. But there is no way you don’t see it. You see where they want a pitch, and you throw it somewhere different.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Does he ever offer advice to his own hitters? “Yeah, sometimes I do. I’ll talk to them just about baseball and say: ‘You’re doing something that we as pitchers can see. You’re doing the opposite of what is maybe helping.’ ”Rivera has been Jeter’s teammate for 17 years, since 1995, when they both broke into the big leagues. “He’s doing good now,” Rivera said. “I mean, guys like that, they always find a way. All the years he’s been here, you don’t just stop doing what you’re doing in one year or two years. It doesn’t happen like that.”Jeter himself, in our one brief conversation, offered what reporters who have covered him over the years know to expect. Cordiality, but no introspection. The big house he’s building in Florida goes by another nickname, the Great Wall of Jeter, because of its impressive fence, but it could apply as well to his interactions with the press. He told me he was feeling positive about his swing. I tried to ask about adjustments he has made. What he figured might be realistic personal goals for the season. He wouldn’t go there. “That’s all I got for you, buddy,” he said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  We are living longer. Sometimes better. The concept of the “new old age” may be overblown, but many people in their 40s, 50s and 60s would say they are more physically active than their parents were at similar ages. But there are limits that have not been breached. You may be able to write great fiction into your 70s, but it is highly unlikely, if not impossible, that you will make breakthroughs at that age in theoretical physics or mathematics, fields that seem to require a brain at top processing speed. One of the strongest arguments against raising the age at which Americans can start taking Social Security benefits is that it would penalize people who do physical labor. (Little in the modern era has made it much easier for, say, a 60-year-old hotel maid who must strip beds and scrub bathrooms for 40 hours a week.)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Jeter has some crinkles under his eyes and a slightly receded hairline. But he still looks great — broad-shouldered and tapered, without an ounce of discernible flab. His current girlfriend is actually the second “sexiest woman alive” he has dated, in addition to a former Miss Universe. If he chose to, there is no reason he could not continue to date like that indefinitely. His on-field decline suggests the limits of physical conditioning only as they relate to the specific tasks of playing shortstop and hitting big-league pitching.Jeter may be in tip-top shape, but so is most everyone else in baseball these days. And every year he plays, he gains another year on the average age in Major League Baseball, which is currently just under 28.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Brian Cashman, the Yankees’ general manager, negotiated Jeter’s new deal. When we talked late last month, I asked Cashman if it was based more on what Jeter had accomplished or on what the team expected he would produce in the future. “People can look at it and come to their own conclusions,” he said. “The contract got done, with Derek remaining a Yankee, and hopefully we’ll win more world championships with him at shortstop.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Cashman is in a difficult position. He had to make sure Jeter stayed a Yankee. Yet he is also under pressure to produce championships with a roster that includes other older stars: Posada; Alex Rodriguez, who is 35 and under contract with the team for six more seasons after this one for an additional $143 million; and Rivera, who has to slow down at some point.  Cashman repeated a comment he had recently made on the radio — that he still considered Jeter in the top half of major-league shortstops. “He’s not the same player he used to be,” Cashman said. “But I think he’s above average at that position, despite his age.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Cashman almost surely knows that is not the case, by objective measures. But he would like it to be. So would many Yankee fans. And so might we all.   Correction: July 10, 2011   Because of an editing error, an article on June 27 about Derek Jeter and the declining abilities of aging athletes misstated part of the name of Einstein’s theory in a comparison of the ages at which high achievers in other fields had great success. It is the special theory of relativity, not the general.     Michael Sokolove is a contributing writer who last wrote for the magazine about the Baylor University basketball player Perry Jones III. His most recent book is ‘‘Warrior Girls,’’ about the injury epidemic among young female athletes. Editor: Dean Robinson (d.robinson-MagGroup@nytimes.com) A version of this article appears in print on June 26, 2011, on Page MM28 of the Sunday Magazine with the headline: For Derek Jeter, On His 37th Birthday.  Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage        graphic     The Middle (-Aged) Infielders JUNE 22, 2011          O Captain! JUNE 22, 2011          The 3,000 Hit Parade JUNE 22, 2011                                   
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Blogger on Blogger: Heath Bintliff of Orioles blog Dempsey's ArmyJune 24, 2011|By Matt VenselBaltimore is blessed with a bunch of talented sports bloggers who bring their unique perspective to the conversation. I often link up to these local writers in my morning Coffee Companion posts, but instead of just exchanging anti-social links with them, I have decided to be slightly less anti-social by exchanging emails with them in a somewhat regular feature called Blogger on Blogger.With the Major League Baseball All-Star Game coming up fast and the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline looming on the horizon, I decided to make the call to the bullpen for Heath Bintliff of the fine Baltimore Orioles blog Dempsey’s Army for this installment of Blogger on Blogger. Thanks to Heath for his answers.MV: Nearly halfway way through the season, what are we to make of the Orioles and their inconsistencies?HB: The inconsistencies with the pitching staff are normal and to be expected. For the first time in years, the O's rotation is almost nearly composed of homegrown talent and most of the talent is light on major league experience. These guys will have their growing pains and some will flame out completely. But it's good that they are getting a chance to show what they can (or can't) do. var adSkipCounter = 0; Bullpens are volatile by nature so I am not overly surprised that those guys have been up and down.What is shocking is the offensive inconsistencies. There are a lot of established veterans in this lineup, including some brought in on pretty sizable free agent deals. Nick Markakis' slump is pretty troubling and Derrek Lee and Vladimir Guerrero have not delivered as expected. Mark Reynolds' game is going to be inconsistent by its nature. The Orioles need better hitting performances and they need them badly.MV: What has been the biggest surprise so far, whether it's a pleasant surprise or a not-so-pleasant one?HB: Guerrero's performance is a mild surprise as is Adam Jones' relative breakout but I kind of predicted those things. Matt Wieters' defense? When he was coming up, there were questions [about whether] he could stick at catcher. But while his bat has been slower to come around, he might be the best defensive catcher in the American League and I don't think anyone saw that coming.MV: What are your thoughts on how the veteran free agents -- players such as Derrick Lee, Vladimir Guerrero and Kevin Gregg -- have fared? I know you weren't fond of the Guerrero signing at first.HB: When you sign aging veteran hitters, you always run a greater risk that they will get injured or just have their performance fall off of a cliff. So I had no problem with the Orioles signing Derrek Lee or Vladimir Guerrero -- but not both. So my objection to the Vlad signing was that Baltimore had already signed Lee (and Lee could actually play a position still) so signing Guerrero compounded the risk by having two aging hitters on the roster. Vlad would limit lineup flexibility since he is exclusively a [designated hitter] and I still thought Nolan Reimold could hit and Vlad's signing sent him straight to AAA.Lee has not been completely healthy but there's really no defense for his performance thus far. There's no power, his walk rates are down, his bat looks slow and he's been injured. He has played a very well defensively when healthy and that's the only thing keeping his signing from being a total disaster at this point. As for Guerrero, his .290 batting average masks an incredibly poor season so far. He has morphed into a singles hitter and his power is almost completely gone. Couple the power outage with his normal lack of plate discipline and you have one of the worst cleanup hitters in the league. All the expectations of Vlad providing lineup protection for Nick Markakis or transforming the lineup with his mere “presence" have not come to fruition. People thought we were getting the 2004 version of Guerrero, refusing to see that over the last three seasons, he and Luke Scott were basically the same player. But even I didn't think he would hit this poorly.The whole Kevin Gregg thing, you would have thought that Andy MacPhail would have learned with the Mike Gonzalez signing last offseason that signing veteran relievers to multi-year deals is extremely risky. Gregg was not an elite closer and giving him $10 million over two seasons was going to be walking a tightrope given that he is kind of a fly ball pitcher coming to Camden Yards and that he has always struggled with his control. ... The good news is his walk rates should come down (he has had below average control over his career but not this bad) and perhaps he will soon turn a corner.MV: What are we to make of this rotation, which is the key to their success now and in the future?1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Nationals Prepare to Hire Johnson as Their Manager  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSJUNE 25, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Davey Johnson is poised to take over as manager of the Washington Nationals, replacing Jim Riggleman, who abruptly resigned Thursday.Mike Rizzo, the Nationals’ general manager, said Saturday that Johnson had agreed to a deal but that there were a few technical items to figure out before the team could make an announcement Sunday.“There is no signed document yet,” Rizzo said. “So we want to make sure we have all our ducks in a row.”Johnson, who last managed in the majors in 2000, will take over on Monday when the Nationals begin an interleague series against the Los Angeles Angels. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The interim manager John McLaren will run the team for Sunday’s series finale against the White Sox in Chicago and will be reassigned, Rizzo said. McLaren will assist Rizzo in scouting and other duties.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Kind of a mutual decision,” Rizzo said. “I think he had allegiances to Jim Riggleman and had some thoughts about really wanting to get out of uniform.” McLaren declined to discuss his future.Johnson, who has been a senior adviser with the Nationals since 2009, is expected to manage the team for the rest of the season and then be part of a search committee to select a manager for 2012. He could be a candidate.Johnson, 68, managed the Mets, the Dodgers, the Cincinnati Reds and the Baltimore Orioles over 14 seasons, compiling a 1,148-888 record. His 1986 Mets won the World Series, and his clubs finished first or second 11 times. He also led Team USA in the 2009 World Baseball Classic.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Riggleman resigned Thursday after the Nationals beat Seattle, unhappy that Rizzo declined to have a conversation about picking up his option for 2012. Riggleman’s departure was remarkable for its timing. The Nationals have been baseball’s hottest team, winning 12 of 13 games before a 3-0 loss Saturday to the White Sox in Chicago.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The White Sox’ Jake Peavy (4-1) threw four dominant innings in his first career relief appearance after starter John Danks left in the second inning with a strained right oblique muscle. Peavy has 238 career starts. Photo       The Indians' Adam Everett was tagged out by Chris Stewart in the eighth inning of the Giants' 1-0 win.  Credit             Jed Jacobsohn/Getty Images           TIGERS 6, DIAMONDBACKS 0 Justin Verlander (10-3) of host Detroit struck out a career-high 14 batters and joined the Yankees’ C. C. Sabathia and the Atlanta Braves’ Jair Jurrjens as baseball’s 10-game winners. The Tigers pulled into a virtual tie with Cleveland atop the American League Central.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PIRATES 6, RED SOX 4 Lyle Overbay hit a three-run homer as host Pittsburgh (39-37) won its fourth straight and spoiled the homecoming of Boston starter Tim Wakefield, who as a rookie helped the 1992 Pirates finish a game shy of the World Series. The crowd was 39,483, the largest in PNC Park history.BREWERS 11, TWINS 1 Host Milwaukee hit four homers, including Prince Fielder’s 21st, giving him 67 runs batted in, the most in the National League. Minnesota left fielder Delmon Young sprained his right ankle when he ran into the outfield wall in the fifth inning and was placed on the 15-day disabled list. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    ANGELS 6, DODGERS 1 Tyler Chatwood (5-4) pitched seven strong innings and his fellow rookie Mark Trumbo homered as the visiting Angels won their second straight in the Freeway Series. The Angels are 10-3 in their last 13 games at Dodger Stadium. The Dodgers have lost 3 straight games and 8 of their last 11.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  GIANTS 1, INDIANS 0 Tony Sipp balked home the game’s only run with the bases loaded in the seventh, sending host San Francisco to its fourth straight victory. Sipp slightly flinched his left arm as he prepared to pitch to Emmanuel Burriss, allowing Miguel Tejada to score. Second baseman Cord Phelps made two errors in the inning.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ATHLETICS 4, PHILLIES 1 Trevor Cahill (4-1) tossed three-hit ball into the eighth inning, and Adam Rosales homered as visiting Oakland kept Philadelphia’s Cole Hamels from his 10th victory. Cahill has allowed one or no runs in 10 starts.BRAVES 10, PADRES 1 Jair Jurrjens (10-3) pitched six strong innings at San Diego, lowering his National League-leading earned run average to 2.07. Atlanta had eight extra-base hits, including Dan Uggla’s three-run homer.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  RAYS 7, ASTROS 2 B. J. Upton homered and drove in two runs to back up Wade Davis (7-5) as Tampa Bay beat host Houston for its third straight win.IN OTHER GAMES Carlos Villanueva worked six solid innings and Juan Rivera hit a three-run homer as the Toronto Blue Jays beat the host Cardinals, 6-3, handing St. Louis its 12th loss in 16 games. ... The Cincinnati Reds’ Joey Votto hit his 100th and 101st career home runs to lead a 10-5 victory over the host Baltimore Orioles in a game that had nine homers. ... Chris Getz’s infield hit broke a 2-2 tie in the eighth inning as the host Kansas City Royals ended a six-game losing streak by beating the Chicago Cubs, 3-2.THUMB SURGERY LIKELY FOR INDIANS’ CHOO Cleveland right fielder Shin-Soo Choo broke his left thumb when he was hit by a pitch Friday and will probably have surgery, sidelining him for at least six weeks. He was placed on the disabled list, and Travis Buck was called up from Class AAA Columbus.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  AROUND THE MAJORS The Giants placed starter Jonathan Sanchez on the 15-day disabled list with tendinitis in his left biceps and activated starter Barry Zito, who has been out since he sprained his right foot April 16. ... Phillies starter Roy Oswalt has a mild bulging disk in his back and will probably not return until August.  A version of this article appears in print on June 26, 2011, on Page SP4 of the New York edition with the headline: Nationals Prepare To Hire Johnson As Their Manager.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Nick Markakis slides safely into second base as Cincinnati Reds second baseman Brandon Phillips falls on him in the second inning of an interleague baseball game, Friday, June 24, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Derrek Lee had gone nearly seven weeks without hitting a home run — not nearly long enough to forget the sensation of getting good wood on a pitch and sending it soaring toward the seats.So when Lee made contact in the 12th inning Friday night, he knew his long-ball drought was over."I knew I got that one," said Lee, whose leadoff homer in the bottom of inning gave the Baltimore Orioles a 5-4 win over the Cincinnati Reds.Lee sent a 1-2 pitch from Jose Arredondo (0-3) into the seats in left field to end the marathon. It was Lee's fifth home run, the first since May 8."It felt good to finally get one over the fence," he said. "... I put a good swing on that one. If that one didn't go over the fence, we would have had some problems."Lee came into the game with a .238 batting average and had only 18 RBIs. He knew he wasn't contributing as much as expected, but on this night he went 3 for 5 and scored twice."I'm happy for him. I'm happy for us, too," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.It was his third career walkoff homer, the first since May 11, 2005.Cincinnati missed a chance to take the lead in the top of the 12th when Joey Votto was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on a two-out double by Jay Bruce."That was a tough one to lose," Reds manager Dusty Baker said. "We got out of trouble quite a few times tonight."Mike Gonzalez (1-1) worked the 12th for the Orioles, who led 4-0 after four innings. Baltimore stranded 13 and went 2 for 14 with runners in scoring position."It was a game that we thought we had in hand. We would hate to see that one get away," Lee said. "We didn't execute great, but we grinded it out and were able to get a win."Cincinnati is 4-4 with four straight extra-inning defeats."Some balls in the outfield dropped in, just out of the reach of the gloves," designated hitter Jonny Gomes said.Adam Jones homered for Baltimore, and rookie second baseman Blake Davis — who made a costly error Wednesday in a 5-4 loss to Pittsburgh — rebounded with his first major league hit: a two-run triple that made it 2-0 in the second inning."I felt like I was floating around the bases," said Blake, who stuffed the prized baseball in his locker.A sellout crowd of 45,382 watched Cincinnati's first appearance in Baltimore since the 1970 World Series. During the 15 years that interleague play has been in existence, the Reds faced every AL team on the road except the Orioles.Reds starter Edinson Volquez gave up four runs, seven hits and five walks in 4 1-3 innings.Volquez entered with a 13.85 ERA in the first inning, but he kept the Orioles scoreless despite walking two batters.In the second inning, however, Volquez surrendered the game's first run for the 12th time in 14 starts. Lee walked and took third on a double by Matt Wieters before Davis tripled to right-center.Jones led off the third with his 12th homer for a 3-0 lead. In the fourth, Wieters doubled and came home on a broken-bat bloop by J.J. Hardy.Cincinnati closed to 4-3 in the fifth against Orioles starter Chris Jakubauskas. Brandon Phillips hit a two-run, two-out double and scored on a double by Votto.In the bottom half, Baltimore got runners on second and third with one out before Sam LeCure struck out Wieters and Davis around an intentional walk to Mark Reynolds.The Reds pulled even in the sixth against Jason Berken, who yielded a double to Gomes and a two-out RBI single to No. 9 hitter Paul Janish.NOTES: Baltimore's Nick Markakis extended his hitting streak to 14 games. ... Former Oriole Ramon Hernandez went 2 for 4 with a walk. ... Volquez has 84 career starts without a complete game. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz seeks his first interleague win Saturday. He's 0-3 in four starts lifetime. ... Lee had his 15th multihit game, the fifth in his last seven starts. ... Reds DHs are 2 for 16 (.125) this season. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis and second baseman Blake Davis collide on a pop up by Cincinnati Reds' Chris Heisey in the ninth inning of a baseball game Friday, June 24, 2011 in Baltimore. Markakis made the out. The Orioles won 5-4. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Four innings into their game against the Baltimore Orioles, the Cincinnati Reds found themselves in a familiar position: in desperate need of a comeback.The Reds rebounded from a four-run deficit to force extra innings, but Derrek Lee homered leading off the bottom of the 12th inning to provide Baltimore with a 5-4 victory.Lee's shot ruined a nice rally by Cincinnati, which trailed 4-0 after four innings."Unfortunately, we've been down a lot early," designated hitter Jonny Gomes said. "This team is definitely resilient. The pitching staff is resilient, being able to give up some runs early and then toeing that rubber and getting back out there and throwing up zeros."In the end, though, the Reds dropped their fourth straight extra-inning game and lost for the fifth time in their last seven games overall."One-nothing, 5-4, 10-0, it's still a loss," Gomes lamented.Lee sent a 1-2 pitch from Jose Arredondo (0-3) into the seats in left field to end the 3 hour, 55-minute marathon. It was Lee's fifth home run, the first since May 8."It felt good to finally get one over the fence," he said.Lee came into the game with a .238 batting average and had only 18 RBIs. He knew he wasn't contributing as much as expected, but on this night he went 3 for 5 and scored twice."I'm happy for him. I'm happy for us, too," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.It was his third career walkoff homer, the first since May 11, 2005.Cincinnati missed a chance to take the lead in the top of the 12th when Joey Votto was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on a two-out double by Jay Bruce. Votto headed for home after the ball eluded Adam Jones in center field, but he recovered in time to throw the relay to shortstop J.J. Hardy, whose throw home arrived just in time."Yeah, Jones got a glove on it. The ball just stopped. That ball rolls another two feet it's no problem," Reds manager Dusty Baker said. "We didn't get any breaks tonight."Mike Gonzalez (1-1) worked the 12th for the Orioles, who led 4-0 after four innings. Baltimore stranded 13 and went 2 for 14 with runners in scoring position."It was a game that we thought we had in hand. We would hate to see that one get away," Lee said. "We didn't execute great, but we grinded it out and were able to get a win."A sellout crowd of 45,382 watched Cincinnati's first appearance in Baltimore since the 1970 World Series. During the 15 years that interleague play has been in existence, the Reds faced every AL team on the road except the Orioles.Reds starter Edinson Volquez gave up four runs, seven hits and five walks in 4 1-3 innings.Volquez entered with a 13.85 ERA in the first inning, but he kept the Orioles scoreless despite walking two batters.In the second inning, however, Volquez surrendered the game's first run for the 12th time in 14 starts. Lee walked and took third on a double by Matt Wieters before rookie Blake Davis tripled to right-center — his first major league hit.Jones led off the third with his 12th homer for a 3-0 lead. In the fourth, Wieters doubled and came home on a broken-bat bloop by Hardy.Cincinnati closed to 4-3 in the fifth against Orioles starter Chris Jakubauskas. Brandon Phillips hit a two-run, two-out double and scored on a double by Votto.In the bottom half, Baltimore got runners on second and third with one out before Sam LeCure struck out Wieters and Davis around an intentional walk to Mark Reynolds.The Reds pulled even in the sixth against Jason Berken, who yielded a double to Gomes and a two-out RBI single to No. 9 hitter Paul Janish.NOTES: Baltimore's Nick Markakis extended his hitting streak to 14 games. ... Former Oriole Ramon Hernandez went 2 for 4 with a walk. ... Volquez has 84 career starts without a complete game. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz seeks his first interleague win Saturday. He's 0-3 in four starts lifetime. ... Lee had his 15th multihit game, the fifth in his last seven starts. ... Reds DHs are 2 for 16 (.125) this season. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Nationals Make Hire Before Win  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSJUNE 26, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        John McLaren could not have asked for a better sendoff.In McLaren’s third and final game as Washington’s manager, Danny Espinosa hit a two-run homer in the seventh inning to lift the Nationals to a 2-1 victory over the White Sox on Sunday in Chicago.The Nationals announced that they had hired Davey Johnson to replace Jim Riggleman, who resigned Thursday, ending McLaren’s tenure after one series.The 68-year-old Johnson, a senior adviser for Washington, will take over Monday against the Los Angeles Angels and manage the rest of the season. It is his first major league managing job since 2000 with the Los Angeles Dodgers.He has also managed the Mets, the Cincinnati Reds and the Baltimore Orioles over 14 seasons, compiling a 1,148-888 record. He won a World Series title in 1986 with the Mets. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Johnson agreed to a three-year consulting contract through 2013 that will allow him to remain with the team and help select his successor after the season. It could be him.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Espinosa’s homer handed Chicago starter Phil Humber (7-4) his first loss since April 30.Espinosa barely missed a home run on the first pitch of the at-bat, hooking a changeup down the right-field line. Two pitches later, Humber left a slider up and Espinosa did not miss again.“He wasn’t giving me a lot to hit,” Espinosa said. “He made one mistake and I was able to take advantage.”Livan Hernandez (5-8) struck out a season-high nine as he baffled the White Sox for six and two-thirds innings, keeping them off balance with off-speed pitches as slow as 60 m.p.h. coupled with a mid-80s fastball.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “That’s hard to do,” Humber said, adding, “There’s not many guys that can actually throw a ball that slow.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PHILLIES 3, ATHLETICS 1 Roy Halladay pitched his National League-leading fifth complete game and Jimmy Rollins went 4 for 4, leading Philadelphia over visiting Oakland.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Halladay (10-3) gave up eight hits and walked none in tying for the major league high in victories. He struck out four, raising his league-leading total to 123.RAYS 14, ASTROS 10 Evan Longoria homered twice and drove in five runs, and pinch-hitter Matt Joyce delivered a go-ahead double in the eighth inning that sent visiting Tampa Bay over Houston for a three-game sweep. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    B. J. Upton homered for the third straight day and drove in four runs for the Rays, who have won four in a row.PADRES 4, BRAVES 1 San Diego scored all of its runs with two outs in the eighth and rallied to beat visiting Atlanta.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  TIGERS 8, DIAMONDBACKS 3 Detroit scored seven runs with two outs in the eighth inning at home.BLUE JAYS 5, CARDINALS 0 Ricky Romero pitched a four-hitter for his second career shutout and got his first career hit as visiting Toronto beat St. Louis for a three-game sweep.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  GIANTS 3, INDIANS 1 Coming off one of his worst performances, Madison Bumgarner struck out a career-high 11 batters in seven innings to help San Francisco win at home.ORIOLES 7, REDS 5 Derrek Lee and Mark Reynolds homered in a four-run fourth inning to help Baltimore defeat visiting Cincinnati.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  BREWERS 6, TWINS 2 Ryan Braun extended his hitting streak to 17 games in Milwaukee’s win over visiting Minnesota.ROYALS 6, CUBS 3 Luke Hochevar won another afternoon start as Kansas City won at home. Hochevar is 9-3 with a 4.43 earned run average in 14 day starts the past two seasons, compared to 2-11 with a 5.28 E.R.A. in 21 appearances at night.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  RED SOX 4, PIRATES 2 Andrew Miller picked up his first win in the American League as Boston ended a four-game losing streak at Pittsburgh.The Pirates tied a season high with four errors, preventing them from moving three games above .500 this late in the season for the first time in 12 years.Adrian Gonzalez had two hits for Boston and raised his batting average to .361, tops in the majors.DODGERS 3, ANGELS 2 Clayton Kershaw outlasted Jered Weaver in a matchup of Los Angeles aces and the Dodgers rallied for two runs in the bottom of the ninth to prevent a sweep.   Correction: July 2, 2011   The baseball roundup on Monday misstated the site of Sunday’s game between the Detroit Tigers and the Arizona Diamondbacks. It was in Detroit, not Arizona.     A version of this article appears in print on June 27, 2011, on Page D6 of the New York edition with the headline: Nationals Make Hire Before Win.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Brewers’ Braun Embraces the Team and the Town JUNE 26, 2011             METS 8, RANGERS 5   Mets Beat Rangers With No Homers but Plenty of Hits JUNE 26, 2011             YANKEES 6, ROCKIES 4   From Goat to Hero, Nunez Helps Yankees Beat Rockies JUNE 26, 2011              Yankees Legends Attend Their Family Reunion JUNE 26, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Adam Jones reacts after he struck out during the seventh inning of an interleague baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Saturday, June 25, 2011, in Baltimore. The Reds won 10-5. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — No longer can Brian Matusz deny that he isn't the same pitcher as last year.The Baltimore Orioles' left-hander gave up three home runs to the Cincinnati Reds, who rolled to a 10-5 victory Saturday night.After giving up six runs in 4 2-3 innings and walking off the mound with a 6.85 ERA, Matusz (1-3) acknowledged that he still has a long way to go before regaining the form he displayed as a rookie last season.In his defense, this was only his fifth start since coming off the disabled list with a rib injury. But he has yielded 14 runs and six homers in his last three outings."Well, the velocity obviously isn't there," Matusz said. "Being in my fifth start, I feel like I've made a lot of progress. But you just got to continue working and get a lot better."Manager Buck Showalter is willing to wait on the standout pitcher, who went 10-12 last year but was 6-0 with a 1.57 ERA over his final eight starts."His command just wasn't quite there, but we'll keep working and hopefully it will get better," the manager said. "I know that's a topic of conversation because of what we've seen before and we know what he's capable of."Joey Votto homered twice off Matusz and drove in five runs to power the Reds to victory. He hit a three-run drive in the third inning and put Cincinnati ahead for good with a two-run shot in the fifth.The two home runs matched the total of his previous 19 games and gave him 101 for his career. The reigning NL MVP went 3 for 4 with a walk to raise his batting average to .320."That was a big night. Hit his 100th home run," Reds manager Dusty Baker said. "Boy, we need him badly."Jonny Gomes, Scott Rolen and Drew Stubbs also connected for the Reds, whose five home runs were a season high.Adam Jones, Nick Markakis, Matt Wieters and J.J. Hardy homered for Baltimore. It was the first time the Orioles hit four homers in a game since Aug. 10, 2010, in Cleveland.But Baltimore couldn't hit enough long balls to make up for Matusz's struggle on the mound."Very bad locations to quality hitters," Matusz said. "With Votto, there's not many guys in the league that will hit a 3-2 curveball like that from a left-hander over the left-field wall. It's got to be in a better location."Bronson Arroyo (7-6) won his third straight start despite allowing a career-high tying four homers in 6 1-3 innings. The right-hander gave up nine hits, walked three and struck out six."I got the balls up, they hit them in the air," Arroyo said. "But luckily for us it was an American League game. Our guys slugged it out with them."The interleague game attracted a crowd of 38,976 — nearly 18,000 more fans than the Orioles averaged over their previous 38 dates.Jones put the Orioles up 1-0 in the first inning with his 13th home run, the second in two games. Gomes tied it in the second with a drive to right.Chris Heisey led off the third with a double and Brandon Phillips got an infield hit before Votto hit a 3-2 pitch into the right-field seats. Markakis hit a two-run shot in the bottom half to make it 4-3.Wieters tied it in the fourth with his seventh homer, but later in the inning Hardy bounced into a double play with runners at the corners and one out.Votto made it 6-4 in the fifth with his 11th homer of the season."I really couldn't go out there feeling too comfortable once we got the 6-4 lead because I realized runs are coming pretty quickly in this ballpark," Arroyo said.After Rolen hit a two-run drive off Brad Bergesen to make it 8-4 in the seventh, Hardy responded with a solo shot in the bottom half.Stubbs opened the eighth with a homer off Bergesen, and Brandon Phillips added an RBI single — the first run of the game that did not come as the result of a home run.NOTES: Markakis has hit in 15 straight games, longest streak by an Oriole this season. ... The Reds intend to bring RHP Homer Bailey off the disabled list to start in Sunday's series finale. ... Reds reliever Aroldis Chapman struck out Wieters and Robert Andino in the ninth inning with fastballs clocked at 101 mph. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starter Brian Matusz (17) delivers a pitch to the Cincinnati Reds during the third inning of an interleague baseball game, Saturday, June 25, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Joey Votto homered twice and drove in five runs, and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Baltimore Orioles 10-5 Saturday night in a long-ball duel that featured nine home runs.Votto hit a three-run drive in the third inning and put Cincinnati ahead for good with a two-run shot in the fifth. The two home runs matched the total of his previous 19 games and gave him 101 for his career.The reigning NL MVP went 3 for 4 with a walk to raise his batting average to .320.Jonny Gomes, Scott Rolen and Drew Stubbs also connected for the Reds. The five home runs were a season high.Adam Jones, Nick Markakis, Matt Wieters and J.J. Hardy homered for Baltimore. It was the first time the Orioles hit four homers in a game since Aug. 10, 2010, in Cleveland.The interleague game attracted a crowd of 38,976 — nearly 18,000 more fans than the Orioles averaged over their previous 38 dates.Bronson Arroyo (7-6) won his third straight start despite allowing a career-high tying four homers in 6 1-3 innings. The right-hander gave up nine hits, walked three and struck out six.Making his fifth start for Baltimore since coming off the disabled list on June 1, Brian Matusz (1-3) yielded six runs and nine hits in 4 2-3 innings. The left-hander has given up 14 runs in his last three outings and has a 6.85 ERA.Jones put the Orioles up 1-0 in the first inning with his 13th home run, the second in two games. Gomes tied it in the second with a drive to right.Chris Heisey led off the third with a double and Brandon Phillips got an infield hit before Votto hit a 3-2 pitch into the right-field seats. Markakis hit a two-run shot in the bottom half to make it 4-3.Wieters tied it in the fourth with his seventh homer, but later in the inning Hardy bounced into a double play with runners at the corners and one out.Votto made it 6-4 with his 11th homer of the season. Reds manager Dusty Baker said before the game that Votto, who hit 37 homers last year, appeared on the verge of turning things around."He's coming," Baker insisted. "He's going to get hot again."After Rolen hit a two-run drive off Brad Bergesen to make it 8-4 in the seventh, Hardy responded with a solo shot in the bottom half.Stubbs opened the eighth with a homer off Bergesen, and Brandon Phillips added an RBI single — the first run of the game that did not come as the result of a home run.NOTES: Markakis has hit in 15 straight games, longest streak by an Oriole this season. ... The Reds are expected to bring RHP Homer Bailey off the disabled list to start in Sunday's series finale. ... Cincinnati improved to 3-8 in interleague play. Baltimore fell to 5-6. ... Reds reliever Aroldis Chapman struck out Wieters and Robert Andino in the ninth inning with fastballs clocked at 101 mph. 
3 In this Oct. 16, 2011 file photo, supplies fill a storage space housed in an unused space donated by the United Federation of Teachers (UFT) to support the camp of Occupy Wall Street protesters in New York. The UFT is one of the long list of experienced, well-funded organizations, unions and political committees lending their support to the Occupy Wall Street Movement. (AP Photo/David Karp, File)MoreLOS ANGELES (AP) -- One of baseball's proudest franchises is in tatters, its future to be decided more in the courtroom than on the field.The Los Angeles Dodgers filed for bankruptcy protection in a Delaware court Monday, blaming Major League Baseball for refusing to approve a multibillion-dollar TV deal that owner Frank McCourt was counting on to keep the troubled franchise afloat.McCourt, upset that baseball Commissioner Bud Selig rejected the proposed TV deal last week, hopes a federal judge will approve $150 million in financing to be used for daily operations, which would give him more time to seek a more favorable media contract. A hearing is set for Tuesday."The action taken today by Mr. McCourt does nothing but inflict further harm to this historic franchise," Selig said in a statement.The team is bleeding red ink instead of Dodger blue, with former players owed millions. Even beloved Hall of Fame announcer Vin Scully is owed more than $150,000 as part of his contract, court documents show.The filing by a cash-starved McCourt comes just days before he was expected to miss a team payroll on Thursday and possibly be confronted with an MLB takeover.Legal observers expect MLB to contest McCourt's request for filing bankruptcy, arguing the dispute should remain within the confines of baseball. Baseball's constitution allows Selig to take control of a team that seeks Chapter 11 protection.MLB would have to file a motion to seek termination of the franchise. A person familiar with the filing, who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the situation is still in flux, said MLB will wait to see what happens in the hearing before deciding which way to go.The main issue is whether "the bankruptcy court maintains control of the proceedings or acquiesce to baseball," said Edward Ristaino, who chairs the sports practice at the law firm Akerman Senterfitt.The Baltimore Orioles in 1993 and the Texas Rangers last year were sold in federal bankruptcy court, though in neither case did MLB seize the team first. In 2009, the Chicago Cubs went into bankruptcy for several weeks as part of the sales process after Tribune Co. agreed to sell the team to the family of billionaire Joe Ricketts."For somebody who grew up as a Dodger fan since he was 6 in Brooklyn, this makes me very, very sad," said Bob Daley, the Dodgers' managing partner when Rupert Murdoch's Fox Corp. sold the team to McCourt in 2004.The Boston-accented real estate developer bought the team in a highly leveraged $430 million deal that was the second-highest for a baseball team at the time.He became just the fourth owner in franchise history, and the sale marked the return of the team to family ownership, although the McCourt clan has been nothing like the O'Malleys.The O'Malleys owned the Dodgers or a stake in them for more than 50 years, an old-fashioned tenure of stability and tradition. Any problems were kept in-house, and employees were treated like family.The O'Malley family's business was baseball. The McCourt family's business has become everybody's business.Two years ago, McCourt and his wife and former team CEO Jamie McCourt decided to divorce, prompting a tawdry fight over who owns the team.Their court filings revealed a lifestyle of excess, extreme even by the standards of LA's super-rich: multiple lavish homes, private security, country club memberships, even a six-figure hair stylist on call for the couple.Daley rues the day the team was sold to McCourt."Fox, myself, and MLB made a horrible mistake in not doing the proper due diligence on Frank McCourt," he said. "I helped get him approved and for my piece, I feel very bad about it."In court documents, team Vice Chairman Jeff Ingram cited a significant drop in attendance, contributing about 10 percent of Dodger revenues to the league's sharing program last year, and paying about $22 million in deferred compensation as reasons for filing bankruptcy."To date, LAD has remained current in its obligations," Ingram wrote. "However, LAD is now on the verge of running out of cash, the results of a perfect storm of events."McCourt has taken out loans to stay afloat this season but his mounting financial problems were expected to balloon this week, when he owed tens of millions of dollars to meet payroll and other obligations.About $20 million is slated for current and deferred compensation by Thursday, while more than $18 million is required as a reserve to prefund money to be paid to players in 2012 under terms of the collective bargaining agreement, court documents show.The bankruptcy filing lists assets of up to $1 billion and debts up to $500 million. The Dodgers are obligated to pay $92.5 million in guaranteed player contracts, not including signing bonuses, and the team has nearly 300 full-time employees.It also noted a $67 million loan taken out against the parking lots at Dodger Stadium was set to mature Thursday. It was expected McCourt was going to refinance the loan."He's clearly running very low on options right now," said David Carter, executive director of USC Sports Business Institute. "What seems to be the case is a high-stakes chess game between Frank McCourt and MLB, and he's running out of pieces. This is one of the uglier weeks in Dodger history."That's quite a contrast from the days of the O'Malleys.Peter O'Malley's father, Walter, was the team's lawyer when he gained a controlling interest in the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1950, the same year Scully joined the organization.The team, a fabled fixture of New York's borough of Brooklyn since the 19th century, broke baseball's color barrier when it signed Jackie Robinson as the first black major league player in 1947.The Dodgers delighted their New York fans by winning their first World Series in 1955, then broke their hearts three years later by moving to Los Angeles, an act never entirely forgiven.In Los Angeles, the winning ways continued, with World Series championships in 1959, '63, '65, '81 and '88, and memorable performances by Hall of Famers Don Drysdale and Sandy Koufax, who dominated hitters like few pitchers have before or since.The O'Malley family sold the Dodgers in 1998, when News Corp. bought the team, signaling the beginning of changing times for the franchise.Since then, employees have churned through the club as quickly as wins and losses piled up.In April, MLB took the extraordinary step of assuming control of the troubled franchise. Former Texas Rangers President Tom Schieffer was appointed to monitor the team on behalf of Selig, who said he took the action because he was concerned about the team's finances and how the Dodgers are being run.Among the 40 largest unsecured claims, totaling about $75 million, are former Dodgers slugger Manny Ramirez at nearly $21 million; Andruw Jones at $11 million; pitcher Hiroki Kuroda at $4.4 million; and the Chicago White Sox, which share a spring training facility with the Dodgers in Arizona, at $3.5 million.Dodgers pitcher Ted Lilly, who's owed more than $3 million, said he hadn't talked to a single teammate about the bankruptcy filing."I'm not too sure what that means," Lilly said before Monday night's game at Minnesota. "As far as I know, I'm pitching tomorrow."McCourt has defended his stewardship, saying he had made it profitable and successful. He also said the Dodgers have tried for almost a year to get Selig to approve the Fox transaction, which would have provided McCourt with $385 million up front and was vital to a binding settlement reached this month by him and Jamie McCourt."He's turned his back on the Dodgers, treated us differently, and forced us to the point we find ourselves in today," McCourt's statement said. He was not made available for further comment Monday."He's been an embarrassment to this franchise," Daley said, referring to McCourt. "The sooner he gets the hell out of town, the better off we'll all be as Dodger fans."Associated Press writer Robert Jablon in Los Angeles and AP Sports Writer Dave Campbell in Minneapolis contributed to this report. 
6  This isn't exactly hard-hitting analysis, but it's something I think about sometimes. Why are the Orioles so bad at promotions? They have a crappy team and plummeting attendance, so how should they get people to the ballpark? Promotions! Don't say it doesn't work, either. You've been to Fireworks Night. You've seen how many people show up for bobbleheads. What is their deal? Prompting this story is three things: the Pittsburgh Pirates, Buck Showalter bobblehead night, and Baseball Nation's latest power rankings. As many of you know, last week I was in Pittsburgh for their interleague series with the Orioles. The Pirates spent the entire series rubbing it in my face that forty years ago they beat the Orioles in the World Series. On Monday they handed out a very nice canvas wrap (attached to a frame) depicting the final out of the 1971 WS. On Tuesday they handed out an even nicer ceramic stein commemorating the 1971 team. Both items were much nicer than pretty much anything you'll get at Oriole Park outside of a bobblehead, a common promotional item across baseball. One look at the Pirates promotional schedule shows that their entire season of promotions is more plentiful and imaginative than the Orioles.   After I returned from Pittsburgh, I took in Saturday night's Orioles game against the Reds, which happened to be Buck Showalter Bobblehead Night. I love my Buck bobble, it's awesome. We even arrived early to make sure we'd get one, and it turns out that was a good idea. The attendance was nearly double the number of bobbles they were handing out, and we witnessed one person trying to buy a bobblehead from everyone he saw since he didn't get one. Last year, Matt Wieters bobblehead day was on Wednesday, June 30th. The attendance that day was about 21K, which doesn't sound that fantastic until you consider that the day before they had 10K less fans in the stands and the day after they had 6K less. They only topped 17K two other weekdays that month (out of eight games), both when the Yankees were in town. And that's not weekdays in April, people. That was June.    Finally, Baseball Nation this week ranked each major league team by its best promotional item. The Orioles and Nationals tied for 28th, with only the Red Sox (who don't give anything away), falling below them. Here is what Grant Brisbee had to say:  The PR people from the Nationals and Orioles know each other, apparently, and they had concert tickets the day the  promotional schedules were due. Bobbleheads from players you'd expect. A  mug.  Some hats. The hats are different colors. Throw in a fireworks  night, and call it a day. This is the promotional equivalent to copying  and pasting a Wikipedia article for your term paper.  Look, promotional items might not be something that we give a ton of thought to (although I personally am a big fan), and ideally the Orioles would be so good that it wouldn't even matter, but that's just not the case right now. Do they want to get more people in the stands? Sure, it costs money to give items away, but wouldn't the corresponding bump in attendance make up for it? (By the way, a quick glance at the attendance shows that t-shirt days don't seem to give the team too much of a bump, but bobblehead days and other, cooler ideas, like the day in 2009 they gave away Nick Markakis BP jerseys AND showed Field of Dreams on the big screen after the game, do raise the attendance.)    So if anyone from the Orioles is reading this, do us all a favor and, in addition to fielding a better team in 2012, put a little more thought into your promotions as well.  
3 View photosSt. Louis Cardinals' Ryan Theriot, left, congratulates Colby Rasmus, who scored on a single by Nick Punto in the second inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday, June 28, 2011 in Baltimore.(AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Kyle Lohse was so good against the Baltimore Orioles, it took an act of nature to get him out of the game.Lohse pitched five shutout innings in a performance shortened by rain, and the St. Louis Cardinals got solo home runs from Colby Rasmus and Matt Holliday in a 6-2 victory Tuesday night.Lohse (8-4) gave up four hits, walked one and was aided by two double plays. He threw only 69 pitches before a thunderstorm stopped play for 28 minutes with St. Louis ahead 4-0 in the top of the sixth.That ended Lohse's night. It certainly wasn't anything the Orioles did."I felt strong. I wish the rain didn't come," Lohse said. "I felt I could have gone quite a bit deeper than five. But you can't do anything about the weather."The Orioles, in turn, couldn't do much offensively against the crafty right-hander."It's tough to pull the trigger on those balls that start away, then come back over the plate," Baltimore slugger Mark Reynolds said. "We knew he was going to do it; we talked about it pregame. But going up there and executing is a different story. You've got to tip your hat to him because he pitched well tonight."Cardinals manager Tony La Russa said Lohse would have stuck around for only 25 or 30 more pitches, even if it didn't rain. But once play was halted, the decision became obvious."You had the delay and the heart of the lineup — so why push it?" La Russa said.After Lohse left, the bullpen preserved his first win in five starts since May 29."The guys did a good job," Lohse said.It was only the second win in seven games for St. Louis since three-time NL MVP Albert Pujols was placed on the disabled list with a broken left wrist. The Cardinals were off Monday after being swept at home in a three-game series by Toronto."Obviously, we haven't been playing very well, so it's good to get off on the right foot on the road trip," Lohse said.It was the Cardinals' first regular-season game in Baltimore. The Orioles had hosted every other NL team since the introduction of interleague play in 1997.J.J. Hardy homered for the Orioles, who trailed 6-0 before scoring twice off struggling reliever Ryan Franklin in the eighth. Nick Markakis went 2 for 4 to extend his hitting streak to 17 games, tying a career high. He's batting .410 during that span.Orioles rookie Zach Britton (6-6) gave up four runs and seven hits in 5 2-3 innings. The left-hander is 1-5 in his last 10 starts."This is a 23-year-old young man trying to establish himself in the big leagues with about half a year in Triple-A, and he's doing well," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "That's the top-hitting team in the National League. It's more a case of us not doing much against Lohse and their bullpen."Back from extended stays on the disabled list, David Freese and Nick Punto immediately made their presence felt by helping the Cardinals go up 3-0 in the second inning. Freese started the uprising with a one-out infield hit and Rasmus walked before Mark Hamilton, Punto and Ryan Theriot delivered successive two-out RBI singles.Freese missed 51 games with a broken left hand and Punto sat out 38 games with a right forearm strain. Both were activated from the DL on Monday.Rasmus connected in the sixth off Britton as the rain began to intensify.In the seventh, Punto tripled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jon Jay before Holliday hit his 10th home run of the season, a drive to center off Jason Berken.After St. Louis reliever Lance Lynn struck out five in two innings, Hardy hit his 11th homer in the eighth. Markakis followed with a single and Adam Jones doubled in a run before Fernando Salas got the final five outs.NOTES: Orioles RHP Alfredo Simon (strained right hamstring) is expected to come off the 15-day disabled list Wednesday, Showalter said. ... Baltimore's Derrek Lee hit a second-inning single and now has 1,899 career hits. ... St. Louis improved to 5-5 against the AL. ... Chris Carpenter, who will start for the Cardinals on Wednesday night, last faced the Orioles in 2002 with Toronto. ... Hardy's 11 homers are four more than Baltimore shortstops totaled from 2008-10. ... Luke Scott robbed Holliday of a second home run with a leaping grab at the left-field wall in the ninth inning. Scott bruised his right knee on the play. 
3 View photosSt. Louis Cardinals center fielder Colby Rasmus bends to catch a fly ball by Baltimore Orioles' Blake Davis during the third inning of an interleague baseball game, Wednesday, June 29, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The St. Louis Cardinals were operating with a depleted bullpen on Wednesday night, and manager Tony La Russa was counting on Chris Carpenter to go deep into the game against the Baltimore Orioles.Carpenter did so with a marvelous 132-pitch effort that inflicted more pain on the Orioles than the pitcher's tireless right arm.Carpenter scattered seven hits for his second complete game of the season and Colby Rasmus homered to help the Cardinals cruise to a 5-1 victory on Wednesday night.Carpenter (3-7) won his second straight start following a five-game losing streak. The right-hander struck out five, walked one and surrendered just one extra-base hit — an RBI double to Nick Markakis in the third inning.As Carpenter's pitch count mounted, pitching coach Dave Duncan began to wonder if Carpenter had enough strength to go the distance."Dunc asked me after the sixth, after the seventh, after the eighth," Carpenter said. "To be honest with you, I felt just as good at the end of the game as I did at the beginning."The Cardinals cut struggling reliever Ryan Franklin before the game, and La Russa used three relievers in a win on Tuesday night. So the objective was to avoid going to the bullpen unless it was absolutely necessary."Today we were a little short. That was classic there; he knew what he had to do," La Russa said of Carpenter. "Carp was the best guy we had. He has no fear, has a lot of talent. Pitching like he was tonight is what you hope for."Carpenter's other complete game came on May 25, an eight-inning effort in a 3-1 loss at San Diego. The last time he had a complete-game victory was Sept. 30, 2010, against Colorado.The 35-year-old has 31 complete games over 14 seasons.Carpenter last faced the Orioles nine years earlier, when he was with the Toronto Blue Jays. He now has eight career wins over Baltimore, more than any other AL opponent."He's a big horse. He was able to locate on both sides of the plate," Orioles catcher Matt Wieters said. "He used his cutter, used his sinker, got a good curveball. We got him up to 132 pitches but couldn't get him out of the game."Rasmus hit a two-run shot in the second inning to give St. Louis a 2-0 lead. It was his second homer of the series, third in five games and No. 8 on the year. He went 17 games without a home run before his recent run.That was enough offense for the Cardinals, who will attempt to complete a three-game sweep on Thursday night.Markakis went 2 for 4 to extend his hitting streak to a career-high 18 games. Over that time he has raised his batting average from .236 to .282.Orioles starter Chris Jakubauskas (2-1) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings.It was the first time Jakubauskas faced Lance Berkman since the slugger hit a line drive off the pitcher's head in April 2010, when Jakubauskas was with Pittsburgh. The rematch was far less eventful: Berkman walked in the second inning ahead of Rasmus' homer, hit a sacrifice fly in the third and received an intentional walk in the fifth.St. Louis made it 4-0 in the third. Nick Punto doubled and scored on a double by Skip Schumaker, who came home on a fly ball by Berkman.Baltimore got a run in the bottom half when J.J. Hardy hit a two-out single off Carpenter's leg before Markakis doubled.David Freese hit an RBI single in the fifth, and the Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half but failed to score. After giving up three straight singles, Carpenter got Markakis to hit into a fielder's choice at the plate before retiring Adam Jones and Vladimir Guerrero on fly balls."He rose to the occasion," La Russa said. "Pitching out of that one inning was the game."Carpenter gave up only one hit the rest of the way."He's our ace," Schumaker said. "He is the kind of pitcher who can rattle off a 10-game string, or the kind of guy who can bring us out of a funk."St. Louis has won two straight after dropping five of six.NOTES: Orioles LF Luke Scott did not play because he bruised his right knee making a leaping catch against the wall Tuesday night. Someone taped an outline of Scott on the wall before batting practice. ... LHP Jaime Garcia and RHP Jake Westbrook traded places in the Cardinals rotation. Garcia will pitch Thursday against the Orioles and Westbrook will go Friday at Tampa Bay. La Russa says he made the switch because "it sets us up better." ... Markakis is batting .415 during his streak, which includes 10 multihit games. 
3 View photosSt. Louis Cardinals starting pitcher Chris Carpenter, right, celebrates his complete game, 5-1 win with catcher Yadier Molina, left, after an interleague baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Wednesday, June 29, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles fell behind early, got only five innings from their starting pitcher and failed to capitalize on several opportunities at the plate.It was an all-too-familiar scenario, and added up to a 5-1 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night.Baltimore trailed 4-0 in the third inning and didn't have enough offense to make up the difference against Chris Carpenter (3-7), who threw 132 pitches in his second complete game of the season.The Orioles went 1 for 9 with runners in scoring position. Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth inning and failed to score, a shortcoming that all but assured the Orioles (35-42) of falling a season-worst seven games under .500."We just haven't had that big hit to break through and really get rolling," catcher Matt Wieters said. "The offense hasn't quite gotten going to where you're going to put up those five, six, seven runs that you need to win. Especially when they came out swinging the bats the way they did."After hitting nine homers last weekend in taking two of three from Cincinnati, the bats have gone quiet against St. Louis."Just three runs in two nights. Obviously, that's not going to get it done for us against good pitching," manager Buck Showalter said.Carpenter won his second straight start following a five-game losing streak. The right-hander struck out five, walked one and surrendered just one extra-base hit — an RBI double to Nick Markakis in the third inning.Carpenter's other complete game came on May 25, an eight-inning effort in a 3-1 loss at San Diego. The last time he went the distance and earned a victory was Sept. 30, 2010, against Colorado.The 35-year-old has 31 complete games over 14 seasons.Carpenter last faced the Orioles nine years earlier, when he was with the Toronto Blue Jays. He now has eight career wins over Baltimore, more than any other AL opponent.Corey Rasmus hit a two-run shot in the second inning to give St. Louis a 2-0 lead. It was his second homer of the series, third in five games and No. 8 on the year. He went 17 games without a home run before his recent run.That was enough offense for the Cardinals, who will attempt to complete a three-game sweep on Thursday night.Markakis went 2 for 4 to extend his hitting streak to a career-high 18 games. Over that time he has raised his batting average from .236 to .282.Orioles starter Chris Jakubauskas (2-1) gave up five runs and seven hits in five innings. In 24 games this month, only once has a Baltimore starter gone seven innings — Jake Arrieta against Tampa Bay on June 10."It is what it is," Showalter said. "They've done it before, they're capable of it, it just hasn't been happening."It was the first time Jakubauskas faced Lance Berkman since the slugger hit a line drive off the pitcher's head in April 2010, when Jakubauskas was with Pittsburgh. The rematch was far less eventful: Berkman walked in the second inning ahead of Rasmus' homer, hit a sacrifice fly in the third and received an intentional walk in the fifth.St. Louis made it 4-0 in the third. Nick Punto doubled and scored on a double by Skip Schumaker, who came home on a fly ball by Berkman.Baltimore got a run in the bottom half when J.J. Hardy hit a two-out single off Carpenter's leg before Markakis doubled.David Freese hit an RBI single in the fifth, and the Orioles loaded the bases with no outs in the bottom half but failed to score. After giving up three straight singles, Carpenter got Markakis to hit into a fielder's choice at the plate before retiring Adam Jones and Vladimir Guerrero on fly balls."We had the momentum. We had a chance," Jones said. "We just didn't get it done, point blank."NOTES: The Cardinals gave struggling reliever Ryan Franklin his unconditional release. The former All-Star had an 8.46 ERA. ... Orioles LF Luke Scott did not play because he bruised his right knee making a leaping catch against the wall Tuesday night. Someone taped an outline of Scott on the wall before batting practice. ... LHP Jaime Garcia and RHP Jake Westbrook traded places in the Cardinals rotation. Garcia will pitch Thursday against the Orioles and Westbrook will go Friday at Tampa Bay. Manager Tony La Russa says he made the switch because "it sets us up better." ... Markakis is batting .415 during his streak, which includes 10 multihit games. 
6  It's the day after the Orioles were swept at home, the team is looking pretty awful, and frankly I'm kind of cranky about it. So instead of rehashing another loss and wailing again over Brian Matusz, I decided a more fun use of my time would be to look stuff up on eBay. Back in my younger days, meaning high school and college, I used to go on eBay binges. It's happened every now and again since then (what? I NEEDED the complete set of Sweet Valley High books!), but not nearly as often as it used to. My two main things to search on were the Baltimore Orioles and Angelina Jolie. I loved Angelina back in the day, and in the late 1990s/early 2000s, Jolie fans were kinda nuts. They made all kinds of crap and sold it on eBay. I bought a purse made out of an Angelina Rolling Stone, a bracelet with her face on it, I don't even know what else. As for the Orioles, I liked to buy pins (you know those old ladies at baseball games in bucket hats covered in pins? That's gonna be me), photos, and t-shirts mostly. So if you do a search for Baltimore Orioles on eBay today, what do you find?  The most expensive Orioles related item listed is 1954 Esskay Meats Baltimore Orioles NEAR FULL Set RARE! with a Buy It Now price of $75,000. What the heck? You want me to pay seventy-five grand for a set of baseball cards that isn't even complete?? My favorite line from the description is, "INSANELY TOUGH to complete this very RARE Regional Baltimore Meats issue."   Are you looking to lose a few pounds? Want to know Jim Palmer's secret to staying so svelte? For an opening bid of just $6.99, you could be the owner of Jim Palmer's Way to Fitness. The seller says this would be a great item to have Palmer autograph, and I have to agree. I'd love to see his face (not to mention Gary Thorne's) if you presented him with this:      If you love the Orioles and also hate your neighbors, the Baltimore Orioles MLB Embroidered 8.5' Tall Team Flag or the Orioles Garden Gnome might be for you.                And finally, if you want to proudly proclaim your Orioles fandom on a part of your body close to your crotch, $11.95 is the starting bid on the Orioles Belt Buckle, or you can bid just $9.95 for some Orioles boxer shorts (also helpful for getting that special lady in the mood).   
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles center fielder Adam Jones (10) climbs the wall as he chases a ball hit for a two-run home run by Atlanta Braves' Jason Heyward in the sixth inning of an interleague baseball game in Atlanta, Friday, July 1, 2011. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)MoreATLANTA (AP) — Jair Jurrjens' first career shutout served as a well-timed advertisement for his candidacy to be the NL All-Star starting pitcher.Jurrjens threw a one-hitter in his strongest start of a breakout season, Jason Heyward ended a long home-run drought and the streaking Atlanta Braves beat the Baltimore Orioles 4-0 on Friday night.Jurrjens (11-3) became the first NL pitcher with 11 wins and lowered the NL's best ERA to 1.89 in a performance that will almost certainly get the attention of San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy as he decides on an All-Star starter."That was a pretty good performance that maybe will get some people's attention," said Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez, adding Jurrjens deserves to "at least be on the team."Adam Jones ended Jurrjens' no-hit bid with his single up the middle with one out in the seventh. Jones stole second but was stranded there as Jurrjens struck out Matt Wieters and Derrek Lee."A bouncer," Jurrjens said of Jones' hit, shaking his head. "I would prefer to give up a line drive off the wall."Jurrjens recorded 15 straight outs before Mark Reynolds walked to lead off the sixth.Jeremy Guthrie (3-10) threw five scoreless innings, allowing only a walk and a hit, before giving up Heyward's first homer since April 29, a two-run shot in the sixth.Jurrjens threw 101 pitches through eight innings but was allowed to pitch the ninth with closer Craig Kimbrel standing on the bullpen mound. Jurrjens pitched a perfect ninth for his second complete game of the season."When you have a chance to go out and finish your own game, it's a good feeling," Jurrjens said.Jurrjens struck out eight and walked one batter. He earned his 11th win in his 15th start. The last Atlanta pitcher to reach 11 wins in 15 starts was Tom Glavine in 2002."Outstanding," Gonzalez said. "It was one of his best performances of the season so far. He's been the most consistent pitcher we've had, and today was no different."The Braves (48-35) have won four straight and nine of 11 to move a season-best 13 games over .500. The Orioles (35-44) have lost four straight to fall a season-worst nine games below .500.Heyward missed 18 games with a right shoulder injury before coming off the disabled list on June 15, but his two hits lifted his batting average to only .234."I know I can't get it all back in one game or one series," Heyward said. "I've been swinging the bat pretty well and feeling pretty comfortable."Heyward hit 18 homers and drove in 72 runs as a rookie last season and had seven homers at the end of April this year.Guthrie was pulled after giving up singles to Jordan Schafer and Heyward to open the eighth. Left-hander Pedro Viola, recalled from Double-A Bowie before the game, recorded one out before giving up Chipper Jones' run-scoring single to left.Freddie Freeman followed with a grounder which first baseman Lee fielded before throwing wildly to second base for an error, allowing Heyward to score for a 4-0 lead.Guthrie gave up six hits and four runs, three earned, in seven-plus innings. He remained in the game after he was hit on his right leg by a line drive hit by Alex Gonzalez in the fifth."They leave a little bit of a mark, but that's what you get when you hang a slider," Guthrie said.Each starting pitcher had the support of strong defensive plays in the outfield.Nate McLouth, running toward the wall in left field, caught a drive hit by Jones with two outs in the fourth. In the bottom of the fourth, Jones made a running catch in front of the wall in center of a drive hit by Freeman.The Braves haven't had a no-hitter since Kent Mercker held the Dodgers without a hit on April 8, 1994. Mercker also was part of a combined no-hitter with Mark Wohlers and Alejandro Pena against San Diego on Sept. 11, 1991.NOTES: Braves OF Martin Prado took batting practice outdoors on Friday for the first time since surgery for a staph infection in his right leg. He has been out since June 8 and could make a minor league rehabilitation assignment next week. ... Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said Viola gave the bullpen another LHP against a Braves lineup stacked with left-handed hitters. ... Braves 2B Dan Uggla was 0 for 4 with four strikeouts and is hitting .176. 
3 View photosAtlanta Braves center fielder Jordan Schafer makes a catch to retire Baltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds in the second inning of an interleague baseball game in Atlanta, Saturday, July 2, 2011. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)MoreATLANTA (AP) — David Ross got a rare start in place of All-Star catcher Brian McCann on Saturday night. Ross said his basic plan was "OK, don't mess this up."Mission accomplished, and then some.Ross hit his second career grand slam, and the Atlanta Braves held on for a 5-4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Saturday night.McCann is batting .386 with five homers and 10 RBIs in his last 12 games, and Ross said taking that bat out of the middle of the lineup "is a tough thing to do." Ross said he takes pride in playing well enough in his few starts so McCann can take the full day off.Tim Hudson overcame a first-inning fall to pitch six innings and Jordan Schafer made a couple of nice plays in center field, helping Atlanta to its fifth consecutive win and 10th in its last 12 games overall.Mark Reynolds hit two first-pitch homers for Baltimore, including a two-run shot to center field in the fourth. Reynolds' 17th homer landed about 10 rows deep in the left-field seats in the sixth.Nick Markakis' seventh-inning homer off Scott Linebrink trimmed Atlanta's lead to 5-4, but the Orioles (35-45) couldn't complete the rally. They have lost five straight and are 10 games below .500 for the first time this season.Markakis finished with three hits one day after his career-best 19-game hitting streak came to an end.The Braves scored all their runs in the fourth, taking advantage of a key mistake by Luke Scott. Dan Uggla hit a sinking liner to left with two out but Scott dropped it. Uggla was awarded an RBI single."That's a tough play, either way, but that's not what beat us," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said.After Jake Arrieta (9-5) walked Nate McLouth to load the bases, Ross hit a drive into the left-field seats to give Atlanta a 5-2 lead. It was Ross' fourth homer of the season."He's great," said Hudson, who also played with Ross at Auburn University. "Back at Auburn, he had a knack for hitting big homers. It's happened so far here."Arrieta said Ross hit a fastball "right in the middle" of the plate."I got two quick outs," Arrieta said of the inning. "Had a guy 0-2. Then everything fell apart."It's a terrible feeling. That's it. That's all I've got."In his first at-bat, Ross surprised Arrieta and the Orioles with a bunt single.Baltimore had runners on second and third with two out in the eighth, but Markakis flied out to left against Eric O'Flaherty. Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 24th save.Hudson (7-6) wasn't sharp but was helped by two impressive grabs by Schafer. After hauling in Reynolds' drive at the wall in the second, Schafer made an over-the-shoulder catch on the warning track on J.J. Hardy's fly ball in the fifth.Hudson gave up three runs and eight hits, struck out six and walked three.Arrieta pitched five innings for the Orioles, yielding five runs and six hits.Hudson's night began with an unexpected tumble off the mound. His cleats stuck in the dirt as he was starting to deliver his third pitch to leadoff hitter Hardy. He kept the ball as he landed sideways, then tumbled onto the grass.Hudson, grinning and obviously embarrassed, tipped his cap to the fans in a self-effacing manner as third baseman Chipper Jones held his glove over his face to hide his laughter."I looked like a big stooge out there," Hudson said. "Something like that, you have to laugh about it."Hudson regrouped to strike out Hardy and he continued to smile — especially when looking over at Jones — the rest of the inning."I've never been more embarrassed for a teammate than when he fell before a sellout crowd on fireworks night," Ross said.There was rain, but play continued, in the final two innings. There was a brief delay in the middle of the eighth as dry dirt was applied to the pitcher's mound and around home plate.NOTES: The Braves optioned RHP Cristhian Martinez to Triple-A Gwinnett and recalled RHP Cory Gearrin for the third time this season. ... Ross hit his only other grand slam on Aug. 31, 2010, against the Mets. ... The Orioles fell to 6-11 in interleague play and 4-14 in their last 18 road games. ... Attendance was 36,259. 
3 View photosAtlanta Braves center fielder Jordan Schafer makes a catch to retire Baltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds in the second inning of an interleague baseball game in Atlanta, Saturday, July 2, 2011. (AP Photo/John Bazemore)MoreATLANTA (AP) — Mark Reynolds' two homers were not enough to lift his spirits — or lift the reeling Orioles past the streaking Braves.Jake Arrieta surrendered David Ross' second career grand slam and Baltimore's rally fell short in a 5-4 loss to Atlanta on Saturday night.Reynolds connected for a two-run drive in the fourth and a solo shot in the sixth that landed about 10 rows deep in the left-field seats. Each one came on the first pitch from Tim Hudson, and Reynolds now has 17 homers on the year."I don't enjoy losing. I never have," Reynolds said. "Obviously, two home runs are nice but, I mean, it's for nothing."Nick Markakis' seventh-inning homer off Scott Linebrink trimmed Atlanta's lead to 5-4, but the Orioles (35-45) couldn't complete the rally. They have lost five straight and are 10 games below .500 for the first time this season.The Braves scored all their runs in the fourth, taking advantage of a key mistake by Luke Scott. Dan Uggla hit a sinking liner to left with two out but Scott dropped it. Uggla was awarded an RBI single."It's a tough play," Scott said. "I've made it before. I wish I could have come up with it."After Arrieta (9-5) walked Nate McLouth to load the bases, Ross hit a drive into the left-field seats to give Atlanta a 5-2 lead. It was Ross' fourth homer of the season.Arrieta said Ross hit a fastball "right in the middle" of the plate."I got two quick outs," Arrieta said of the inning. "Had a guy 0-2. Then everything fell apart."It's a terrible feeling. That's it. That's all I've got."Orioles manager Buck Showalter didn't blame the loss on the drop by Scott."That's a tough play, either way, but that's not what beat us," Showalter said."We had seven balls hit right on the button right at people. I'm not mad at them. I'm frustrated for them."Hudson pitched six innings and Jordan Schafer made a couple of nice plays in center field, helping Atlanta to its fifth consecutive win and 10th in its last 12 games overall.Markakis finished with three hits one day after his career-best 19-game hitting streak came to an end.Baltimore had runners on second and third with two out in the eighth, but Markakis flied out to left against Eric O'Flaherty. Craig Kimbrel worked around Matt Wieters' one-out single in the ninth to earn his 24th save.Hudson (7-6) wasn't sharp but was helped by two impressive grabs by Schafer. After hauling in Reynolds' drive at the wall in the second, Schafer made an over-the-shoulder catch on the warning track on J.J. Hardy's fly ball in the fifth.Hudson gave up three runs and eight hits, struck out six and walked three.Arrieta pitched five innings for the Orioles, yielding five runs and six hits.Hudson's night began with an unexpected tumble off the mound. His cleats stuck in the dirt as he was starting to deliver his third pitch to leadoff hitter Hardy. He kept the ball as he landed sideways, then tumbled onto the grass.Hudson, grinning and obviously embarrassed, tipped his cap to the fans in a self-effacing manner as third baseman Chipper Jones held his glove over his face to hide his laughter."I looked like a big stooge out there," Hudson said. "Something like that, you have to laugh about it."Hudson regrouped to strike out Hardy and he continued to smile — especially when looking over at Jones — the rest of the inning.There was rain, but play continued, in the final two innings. There was a brief delay in the middle of the eighth as dry dirt was applied to the pitcher's mound and around home plate.NOTES: The Braves optioned RHP Cristhian Martinez to Triple-A Gwinnett and recalled RHP Cory Gearrin for the third time this season. ... Ross hit his only other grand slam on Aug. 31, 2010, against the Mets. ... The Orioles fell to 6-11 in interleague play and 4-14 in their last 18 road games. ... Attendance was 36,259. 
4 I’m going to be starting a new series where each week I profile a past player in the Orioles organization that had an impact on the team, whether it be good or bad. It’s A-Z so this week I’m going to be starting with A and the player I chose to profile is Brady Anderson. I’m going to be talking about their background, how they got to the team, what they did while they were on the team, how they left, and what they’re doing now.Brady AndersonBackground: Anderson was born close to Baltimore on January 18th, 1964 in Silver Spring, Maryland but was raised in Carlsbad, California. He went to UC Irvine to study economics and play for the Anteaters where he was either at first base or in the outfield.He left college after his junior year after being drafted in the 10th round of the 1985 draft by the Boston Red Sox. With excellent batting stats, Brady rose through all three levels of Boston’s farm system rapidly and was in the big leagues by April of 1988. His stint with the Red Sox was short lived, as he was traded, along with Curt Schilling, to the Orioles for 1983 ALCS MVP Mike Boddicker, who I’ll profile next week! He hit his first major league home run on August 6th off of the Brewers’ Tom Filer at Memorial Stadium.Read all about his Orioles career after the jump.Orioles Career: 1988-2001In his first full season in the major leagues (1992), Anderson took off in the lead-off role. He played in all but three games; yes, that’s 159 games! He also led both leagues in plate appearances with 749 and made his first All-Star Game. By the end of the season, he became the first player in American League history to reach 20 home runs, 50 steals and 75 RBIs in a season. With those stats, he became a member of the 20/50 club, which is when a player hits 20 home runs and steals 50 bases in the same season (there are only 11 players to have done this). As these stats are impressive enough, he also finished 15th in American League MVP voting all in his second year in the league. Despite missing 15 games in 1993 due to plaguing injuries, Anderson led all AL lead-off hitters in extra base hits (56) and RBIs (62). He also led the Orioles in 8 offensive categories including runs scored (87), stolen bases (24), walks (82), triples (8), and extra base hits (57). He also came in at 4th highest in the American League with batting average with the bases loaded at .571.Though the 1994 season was cut short 2 months with the players strike, Anderson still had an impact. He led all AL left fielders with a 1.000 fielding percentage. Also, his 31 stolen bases in 32 attempts was a major league record for 25 or more steals.Anderson continued to improve as he accomplished some great things in the ’95 season. On June 12, 1995 Brady set the American League record for most consecutive stolen bases at 34. His streak ended on July 3rd at 36 stolen bases when he got caught by Matt Walbeck, the Minnesota Twins catcher at the time. The record was passed later that year by Tim Raines but it’s still an impressive feat. He also proved to be almost impossible to get to ground into a double play as he only hit into 3 DPs on the year. That’s a DP every 184.7 at-bats. Another interesting feat, he hit 2 home runs on September 5, 1995, which was the night Cal Ripken, Jr. tied Lou Gehrig’s consecutive games played record of 2,130.1996 was easily his best season of his career. He hit 50 home runs, the 50th coming at his first at-bat of the last game of the ’96 season. His 50-homer season also broke Frank Robinson’s record for most home runs in a season by an Oriole. During this season, he became the only player in MLB history to become a member of the 50/20 and 20/50 clubs. The 50/20 club is when a player hits 50 HRs and has 20 stolen bases in a single season (there are 4 players who have done this). The 20/50 club I discussed above. Brady Anderson is the only player to have done both. He also achieved the record for most HRs hit consecutively to lead off a game with 4. So, in 4 straight games he hit a lead-off home run. The previous record was 2 consecutive lead-off HRs, done 33 times. He came in as the 3rd best defensive outfielder while hitting 37 doubles and 5 triples. He also led the AL with 92 extra base hits and broke the Orioles club record previously held by Cal Ripken, Jr.In 1997, he played a big part on the team despite playing most of the season with a broken rib. He led the O’s to an extremely close AL East title with a 98-64 record. He made his 3rd All-Star Game appearance where he played the entire game in the lead-off spot and went 2 for 4 with a double off P Curt Schilling. That season, he led the Orioles in 13 offensive categories: batting average (.288), on-base percentage (.393), OPS (.862), plate appearances (696), runs scored (97), hits (170), doubles (39), triples (7), walks (84), stolen bases (18), and extra base hits (64). He also led the league for a 2nd straight time with 19 hit by pitches. In 4 post-season appearances (Cleveland Indians and New York Yankees in 1996, Cleveland Indians and Seattle Mariners in 1997), Brady had 80 at-bats, 16 runs scored, 4 doubles, 6 home runs, a .300 batting average, a .380 on-base percentage, and a .575 slugging percentage.1998 was a down season due to injuries but he still hit 18 home runs and had 51 RBIs as well as 21 stolen bases. He only hit .236 but scored 84 runs. But, he bounced back in 1999. He led AL lead-off hitters with a .408 on-base percentage and reached base 279 times, 9th most in the league. For the season, Anderson batted .282 with 28 doubles, 5 triples, 24 home runs, 109 runs scored, 81 runs batted in, 36 stolen bases, 96 walks, and 24 hit by pitch. He became the only lead-off hitter in history with three 75 RBI seasons under his belt. On May 23, Anderson became the first player in American League history to be hit by a pitch twice in the same inning. At the end of the season, Baseball America rated him as the best lead-off hitter in the AL. In the 2000 and 2001 seasons, his numbers were on the decline. He hit a combined 26 home runs, 95 RBIs, stole 28 bases, and had a .343 on-base percentage.Post-Orioles Career: 2002After playing with a different team for one season before his Orioles career, he ended his baseball-playing days with one season on a different team, this time the Cleveland Indians. He didn’t do much for them playing only 34 games and finishing with a .163 batting average, a .327 on-base percentage, 4 runs scored, 4 doubles, no triples, 1 home run, 5 RBIs, 4 stolen bases, and 18 walks.Post-Baseball Life:Anderson ranks among the top 10 in Orioles career batting leaders for games (1759), at-bats (6,271), runs (1,044), total bases (2,698), hits (1,614), doubles (329), triples (64), home runs (209), RBI (744), extra base hits (602), stolen bases (307), and walks (927). He holds the single-season records for total bases (369 in 1996), home runs (50 in 1996), extra base hits (92 in 1996), and hit by pitch (24 in 1999).As of 2008, Anderson is one of only two players to have stolen 50 or more bases in a season (53 in 1992) and hit 50 or more home runs in a season (50 in 1996). Barry Bonds is the other player when he stole 52 bases in 1990 and hit 73 home runs in 2001.Anderson was not able to come close to having another 50 HR season; however, from 1992–2000, Brady averaged 21 home runs, 6 triples, 31 doubles, 96 runs scored, 70 RBI, 27 stolen bases, a .376 on-base average, a .462 slugging average, and 14 hit by pitch per year as a lead-off hitter, despite one season shortened two months by a player strike (1994) and another shortened one month by owner lockout (1995).On August 21, 2004, Anderson was inducted into the Baltimore Orioles Hall of Fame and was introduced by Cal Ripken, Jr who called him “the best lead-off hitter in Orioles baseball and the best athlete I have ever played with.” In 2007, when Cal Ripken, Jr was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame, (which, by the way, I went to his HOF induction) he called Brady Anderson “simply my best friend.” In ’06, Anderson became a co-owner of the ABA’s Hollywood Fame. He also served as Chairman of the ABA Sports and Entertainment Advisory Committee. He is currently a spring training hitting instructor with the Orioles and also works with players in L.A. over the winter privately. One of his students is Mark Reynolds, who he actually began working with when he was still with the Arizona Diamondbacks. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Who are the Orioles' biggest chips for the trade deadline?July 05, 2011|By Matt VenselOh, the mediocre have fallen. The Orioles, who a month ago were staying somewhat relevant and hanging around in the AL East, now have the second-worst record in the American League and are a dozen games behind the Red Sox in the wild-card standings. So now besides next week’s All-Star Game, where Orioles catcher Matt Wieters will get his moment in the spotlight, the next important date on the calendar is July 31. That’s Major League Baseball’s non-waiver trade deadline, and the Orioles’ latest midseason swoon has removed any doubt about whether they will be sellers four weeks from now. That’s probably a good thing for management because if the Orioles were still in contention, fans would be clamoring for the team to be buyers at the deadline, which would have been foolish during a half-completed roster reconstruction. Here comes the bad news for the soon-to-be-selling Orioles: They don’t have many trade chips in their stack, and the ones that have real value are the ones they will likely be clinging to with a clenched fist. Here is a look at six realistic Orioles trade candidates -- so not including near-untouchables like Wieters and Zach Britton -- who would garner the most in a trade (whether the team is willing to send them packing is another story): var adSkipCounter = 0; 1. J.J. Hardy: The Orioles are trying to negotiate a contract extension with Hardy, a free agent at season’s end, but if they don’t make significant progress by late July, the Orioles might be forced to trade him while they can still get value for him -- and with the way he has been playing, Hardy is their most valuable trade chip.2. Mark Reynolds: Reynolds has been one of the hottest players in baseball over the past five weeks. He leads the major leagues with 13 home runs since June 1, including five already in July. If the Orioles were willing to trade their third baseman, they would have suitors who would love to put up with his subpar defense at the hot corner. But he is under contract through 2012 with an option for the 2013 season, so count on the Orioles keeping him.3. Jeremy Guthrie: Guthrie is enduring another faith-testing, soul-searching season in Baltimore. He is tied for the major-league lead with 10 losses despite a respectable 3.93 ERA, and there are some who feel he might benefit from a change of scenery. Guthrie would be a very good third or fourth starter for contenders outside of Philadelphia, but it’s going to take a lot for the Orioles to give up this respected veteran.4. Koji Uehara: I’m singling out Koji, one of my favorite Orioles, here because the 36-year-old reliever will have no role in the rebuilding effort, but fellow relievers Jim Johnson and Kevin Gregg could be dangled as trade bait, too. Uehara is a pending free agent, and most contending teams could use a pitcher like him in the bullpen. Unfortunately, setup guys don’t have much value, especially ones with durability issues.5. Luke Scott: Back in April, I thought there was a good chance the Orioles would trade Luke Scott before the trade deadline because his streaky bat could change a playoff race and because the Orioles had Felix Pie and Nolan Reimold stuck behind him on the depth chart, but now Scott is headed to the disabled list with that torn labrum in his shoulder. It doesn’t look like many teams will be calling about Luke this year.6. Derrek Guerrero: I’m going to lump Derrek Lee and Vladimir Guerrero, two buzz-worthy free agent signings this winter, in together because they have both seen their production fall off of a cliff in their old age. Lee has a little value because he is still a good fielder, but not Guerrero, who unfortunately might be the slowest singles hitter in baseball. These two won’t be as desirable as we had all hoped when we drew up our worst-case scenarios for the Orioles before the season. Keep your expectations low here.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Chris Jakubauskas throws to the Texas Rangers in the first inning of a baseball game, Monday, July 4, 2011, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jim Cowsert)MoreARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Buck Showalter and the Baltimore Orioles are already having to go with Plan B in the manager's return to Texas.Alfredo Simon, who had slated as a possible starter in the second game of the series, was forced instead to throw 4 1-3 innings in the opener Monday night after Chris Jakubauskas lasted only 13 batters in a 13-4 loss to the Rangers."He didn't have command and much crispness. He's not a guy who's going to overmatch with pure stuff," Showalter said of Jakubauskas. "They centered up a lot of balls and you're going to have some problems with those mistakes."The right-hander was done after he walked Josh Hamilton to start the third and Adrian Beltre followed with his 16th homer, a shot that just cleared the 14-foot wall in left for a 6-2 lead.Simon then gave up six runs and nine hits.The Orioles likely will call up right-hander Mitch Atkins from Triple-A Norfolk to make his first start in the majors Tuesday night. Atkins, 2-3 with a 3.11 ERA in eight starts for the Tides this season, made seven relief appearances for the Chicago Cubs in 2009 and 2010.Mark Reynolds homered twice for Baltimore, giving him six in five games and 20 for the season. He also had a two-homer game Saturday in Atlanta.Reynolds put the Orioles up 2-0 when he homered in the second after Vladimir Guerrero was hit by a pitch.But Texas then scored four times off Jakubauskas (2-2) in the bottom of the second, when Michael Young had a leadoff single before scoring on David Murphy's RBI single. Yorvit Torrealba followed with a double to deep center before No. 9 hitter Endy Chavez pulled a pitch 383 feet down the right-field line for two-run homer."It's easy to jump on stuff when it's right down Broadway, thigh high. I had a little trouble keeping the ball down. It's frustrating because I felt good going in," Jakubauskas said. "But I was missing in the wrong spot. This is the wrong park to be pitching at thigh level. The ball jumps out of here. This is probably the worst start I've had all year. I'm not happy with it, especially having to burn two guys out of the bullpen early."Jakubauskas is 1-5 with a 9.53 ERA in seven career road starts.Young greeted Simon with a single and a few batters later Chavez had a two-run double for his first four-RBI game since June 10, 2003, while playing for Montreal at Seattle, to make it 8-2.J.J. Hardy hit a solo shot in the seventh for the Orioles off Lewis (8-7) before Reynolds went deep again in the eighth, this time off Darren O'Day."I've been able to hit pitchers' mistakes," Reynolds said. "(The Rangers) are swinging the bats real well. We couldn't quite keep up with them. We've got to match them hit for hit and run for run, and we didn't tonight. ... It's tough, but at the same time, you've got to keep playing, no matter what the score is."Guerrero, who hit .300 with 29 homers and 115 RBIs in 152 games for Texas last season, was 0 for 1 while being hit by the pitch and walking twice."Mark had another big night, Vladdy was on base three times, but we were out of it pretty early," Showalter said.Lewis won his third straight decision over his last four starts, allowing three runs on a pair of homers over seven innings. The right-hander struck out four and walked three on the ninth anniversary of his first major league victory.Showalter, who still has a house in the Dallas area where both of his children attend college, managed a game at Rangers Ballpark for the first time since he was fired in Texas after the 2006 season. His four years with the Rangers included a memorable 2004 season when they were in playoff contention until the final week of the regular season.Just like the Yankees and Diamondbacks did after Showalter managed them, the Rangers made it to the World Series after he was gone. New York and Arizona won the World Series the very next season after he left, while Texas finally won its first AL pennant last year before losing the World Series in five games to San Francisco.Notes: Baltimore starters have 6.98 ERA over the last 20 games. ... Lewis has allowed an AL-high 22 homers. ... Reynolds also had two strikeouts, increasing his season total to 86. ... Beltre was waiting to hit in the sixth when he fell on his butt scampering to get out of the way of a bat that slipped out of Hamilton's hands on a swing at the plate and flew toward him. Both were smiling when Hamilton retrieved the bat, then pointed to the actual on-deck circle several feet away from where Beltre was. Hamilton also lost the grip of a bat that ended up in the stands in the third. Nobody was hurt. ... Beltre has 16 homers, 13 coming at Rangers Ballpark. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Your turn: Should Wieters have been the Orioles' lone All-Star?July 05, 2011|By Matt VenselMatt Wieters' selection to next week’s All-Star Game was sweet, sweet redemption for the young catcher, who was labeled as one of the biggest busts in baseball history by Baseball Prospectus before the start of the season -- just his third in the major leagues. That claim was met with criticism in Birdland and beyond, and the Orioles backstop has proved that the rumors of his looming mediocrity were greatly exaggerated. Baseball Prospectus’ belief at the time -- the writer’s name was Steven Goldman -- was that Wieters was never going to be a good enough hitter to live up to the hype that met him when he arrived in the major leagues. But his development behind the plate has been a revelation, and he has quickly transformed into one of baseball’s best defensive catchers. Wieters might not be hitting like Joe Mauer, but he has been no slouch at the plate. He is batting .262 with seven homers and 33 RBIs. He’s hitting .418 with runners in scoring position. Wieters shouldn’t expect a written apology from the respected baseball publication -- Baseball Prospectus has some wiggle room if Wieters doesn’t become a superstar -- but it’s clear that Wieters will be no bust. var adSkipCounter = 0;  But Wieters was the best choice to represent the Orioles in the All-Star Game? That’s a tough call. Adam Jones had one heck of a first half at the plate and in center field, and J.J. Hardy’s numbers rank among the American League’s best at shortstop. You can make a good argument for each of those players, but you can’t justify giving the last-place Orioles multiple All-Star spots unless they are slam-dunk selections, which they are not. (Jones still has a shot at making it in the MLB Final Vote -- you can vote a bunch of times here -- but he is trailing White Sox first baseman Paul Konerko with two days left in the voting.) Wieters certainly deserves this honor, and it probably won’t be his last All-Star Game, but if you feel like making a case for Jones or Hardy -- or maybe even Jim Johnson or Koji Uehara -- go ahead.Your turn: Should Wieters have been the Orioles’ lone All-Star? If not Wieters, then which Orioles player was most deserving, or should the Orioles have gotten multiple representatives?     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter watches his team during batting practice prior to a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Monday, July 4, 2011, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jim Cowsert)MoreARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Buck Showalter helped give the Texas Rangers a glimpse of what they hoped to become when they stayed in playoff contention until an 11-inning loss during the final week of the 2004 season.The Rangers finally made it to the World Series after he was gone, the same way the New York Yankees and then-expansion Arizona Diamondbacks had done after Showalter managed them.Now in the year after the Rangers won their first American League championship, for the first time since Showalter was fired by Texas after the 2006 season, he is again managing games at Rangers Ballpark. His Baltimore Orioles began their only Lone Star State visit this year with a 13-4 loss Monday night in the opener of a three-game series."I'm happy for them. Believe me, life's too short," said Showalter, who wasn't around for any of those pennant-winning seasons. "Things happen for a reason. Joe Torre was the perfect guy to take (the Yankees) to the next level. Ron Washington was the perfect fit for (the Rangers). You bring what you bring. ... I was just a piece of the process with the scouts and player development and all the things that go into it."Texas was stuck in a cycle of $100 million payrolls with last-place finishes when Showalter took over before the 2003 season. There had been proven superstars like Alex Rodriguez, Juan Gonzalez and Ivan Rodriguez in the lineup but no real sense of direction only a few years after the Rangers won three AL West titles over four seasons (1996-99) without winning a postseason series."Buck did a lot to bring credibility back to the franchise. It had been a bad few years, quite candidly," general manager Jon Daniels said Sunday. "The term at the time was kind of changing the culture, maybe got overused a little, but there was really something to that, and just kind of changing the eye level, so to speak, from the kind of expensive veterans to more homegrown young players."Showalter's first year was the rookie season for Mark Teixeira, the first of five consecutive 200-hit seasons for Michael Young and the last in Texas for A-Rod, who was the reigning AL MVP when traded the following spring to the Yankees only three years into his then-record $252 million, 10-year contract.The Rangers went 71-91 that season and finished in last place again. But after slashing payroll — among several moves being the trade of A-Rod and letting go of two-time AL MVP Gonzalez and 500-homer hitter Rafael Palmeiro — Texas won 89 games and finished only three games out of first place in that memorable turnaround."I look back at '04, it always brings a smile to my face," Young said. "That was probably the first year where I saw what this team and what this city should have. That was a fun year. At the time, that was the most fun I'd had in the big leagues."That finally was trumped last season, when the Rangers won the AL West and got to the World Series after winning the AL championship series in six games over the Yankees, the team that knocked them out of the playoffs each time in the 1990s.New York and Arizona both won the World Series the very next season after Showalter's departure. It took the Rangers a little bit longer to get there — though they lost in five games to San Francisco last fall — after Showalter was fired in 2006 after consecutive losing seasons."You've got to be on both sides of the mountain to understand how you get there. And how you don't get there," Showalter said. "I've been fortunate enough to be around people who get it and kind of get me."The only current Rangers who played for Showalter were Young, second baseman Ian Kinsler, All-Star pitcher C.J. Wilson, slugging outfielder Nelson Cruz and pitcher Scott Feldman."I definitely remember the presence that he had, and how prepared he was. He always had a reason why he was doing something," said Kinsler, whose rookie season was Showalter's last in Texas. "He gave me my chance in the big leagues and I'll always remember him for that."Daniels, who in 2005 became the youngest GM in major league history after being promoted from a Rangers assistant, hired Washington and kept making moves that would build a championship roster.One of the most significant deals was trading Teixeira before he became a free agent, a 2007 deadline deal that got shortstop Elvis Andrus, closer Neftali Feliz and left-hander Matt Harrison from Atlanta.Before becoming a seven-time All-Star, and the Rangers' career leader in hits and games played, Young was an up-and-coming player who was a constant in Showalter's lineup."As a young player, what you're looking for is to play and be productive, and Buck rolled us out," said Young, whose 159 games in 2005 were the fewest he played for Showalter. "I told him from the very beginning I didn't like off days, and as a young player, I was thankful that he respected that."Showalter, who still has a home in the Dallas area where both of his children attend college, returned to the dugout last August after being hired by the Orioles with a pledge to restore the luster of the once-proud franchise that has fallen on hard times. The process isn't really any different than it was in Texas, or anywhere else."Just trying to be a voice of reality. The best thing an organization can do is evaluate themselves honestly, knowing where your strengths and weaknesses are. Instead of coveting other players, you're better off spending time evaluating your people," Showalter said."Whatever my epitaph is one day, I'm OK with it. I'm real comfortable in my skin, with the way I treat people and the honest answers I give them," he said. "There's not a day goes by I don't realize how unbelievably fortunate I am to be doing what I'm doing."___AP freelancer Amy Jinkner-Lloyd in Atlanta contributed to this report. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Your turn: Will 3B Mark Reynolds finish with more homers or errors?July 06, 2011|By Matt VenselEighty-three games into the 2011 season, Orioles third baseman Mark Reynolds has hit 20 home runs and committed 20 errors, the most in baseball. The Orioles didn’t acquire Reynolds for his glove, but if not for his 13 home runs since June 1, his adventures in fielding would be scrutinized much more than they have been."That part of my game has been frustrating," Reynolds said after committing error No. 20 in Monday’s loss to the Rangers. "I know it's frustrating a lot of fans, and frustrating [Orioles manager] Buck [Showalter] probably. I'm just going to go out every day in early work and keep taking grounders and try to iron this thing out."What hasn’t been frustrating is his performance at the plate in the past week. Reynolds has six home runs in his past six games, and now has the eighth-highest home run total in the majors (he still trails league leader Jose Bautista by eight, though). My Baltimore Sun colleague Kevin Cowherd speculated that Reynolds is having fun out there, but on Monday, Reynolds sounded like a man who, like you, is sick of the Orioles’ losses, too. var adSkipCounter = 0; "Yeah, it's been nice,” Reynolds said of his recent hot streak. “But what's our record in the six games? It's not very good. You know, I was in the playoffs in '07 and there's nothing like it. I want to be part of a team again that gets back there and gets to play for that ring."That is not likely to happen this season, but 40 home runs would be a decent consolation prize, especially given his slow start. Him committing 40 errors isn’t out of the realm of possibilities, either.Your turn: Will Reynolds finish with more homers or errors?     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter watches the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Wednesday, July 6, 2011, in Arlington, Texas. The Orioles lost 13-5 in the three-game sweep by the Rangers. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)MoreARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles finished up a terrible series in Texas with another disappointing loss. Now, they travel to Boston for a four-game set.Talk about a challenging road trip.Jeremy Guthrie got off to a rough start and never recovered as Baltimore lost 13-5 to the Rangers on Wednesday night.Derrek Lee and Vladimir Guerrero homered for the Orioles, who have lost eight of their last nine games. They dropped to 1-5 on the 10-game trip to Atlanta, Texas and Boston that takes them up to the All-Star break.Texas finished with 19 hits and outscored Baltimore 30-11 in the series."I would have loved to pitch better," Guthrie said. "I didn't have a good outing. Start to finish, I really struggled and had to work harder than I needed to. We've got to lick our wounds, forget about this series and have a better one in Boston."Guthrie (3-11) gave up six runs and eight hits in five innings while taking over the AL lead in losses. Four of the runs came in the first inning.Guthrie got into trouble early when the first three Texas hitters reached, two via walks. Adrian Beltre's sacrifice fly got the scoring underway. Michael Young's RBI double and Nelson Cruz's two-run single made it 4-0.Baltimore pushed across two runs in the second when Matt Wieters doubled and scored on Lee's seventh homer, a 420-foot drive onto the grass hill behind the center-field fence.But in the fifth, Beltre's RBI double and Young's run-scoring single extended the lead to 6-2."(The Rangers) are playing at a high level, but it's more about us, not them," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "It's about us not executing some things that we're not happy about. We're gonna have to do better."It's about all phases of the game, not just pitching. We've got to do better. It's something I and we are aware of. We got what we deserve. We didn't do a lot of things well this series."Guthrie has suffered from a lack of run support this season, but he had a rough performance against Texas."I struggled for a feel in the first inning. Those two walks were a tough way to start off," Guthrie said. "We haven't done what it takes to win. Baseball's pretty complicated. You have to do a lot of things well to win. Unfortunately, we're short in a lot of areas. In this stretch, we're not playing very well."Guerrero, who hadn't had an extra base hit in 34 at-bats since June 16, helped the Rangers reach the World Series last season, and he received an ovation from the crowd as he circled the bases on his solo homer in the seventh.The Orioles had few answers for Alexi Ogando (9-3), who snapped a tie with Colby Lewis and C.J. Wilson for the Rangers lead in wins and positioned himself for a possible All-Star invitation. The right-hander allowed three runs and four hits in seven innings.Ogando wasn't chosen by his manager, AL skipper Ron Washington, for the original All-Star staff, but he has a chance to be a late selection because so many of the AL pitchers take the mound on Sunday.Mike Napoli hit a three-run homer to help the Rangers break it open with a four-run seventh. Young and Cruz also had three RBIs apiece for Texas, which moved back into sole possession of first place with the help of Detroit's 5-4 win over the Los Angeles Angels earlier Wednesday.Elvis Andrus had four hits and Young scored twice, giving him 958 runs for his career, tying Rafael Palmeiro for the team record.NOTES: The Orioles fell a season-low 12 games under .500. ... Baltimore pitchers have allowed four or more runs in 14 straight games, the longest such streak in the majors this season and the longest by the Orioles since a 14-gamer in 2001. ... Showalter said RHP Mitch Atkins' performance on Tuesday night against Texas in his first major league start (one run and eight hits in six innings) probably was good enough to earn him a second start on Sunday at Boston. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Showalter gives angry speech to OriolesManager tells team after Wednesday's loss that poor play has to endJuly 07, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunBOSTON — Orioles manager Buck Showalter has spoken to his team on several occasions this season, but none of the speeches was as harsh or intense as the one he delivered late Wednesday night. After the Orioles' 13-5 loss to the Texas Rangers, which completed a three-game series sweep and was the team's 11th defeat in 14 games, Showalter closed the clubhouse and challenged his players to increase their effort and execution. "That's probably as angry as I've seen him, but it's deserved," catcher Matt Wieters said. "We have been playing very poorly and very inconsistently for quite a while now. It's time to go out there and make it happen." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Showalter downplayed the meeting, saying he talks to his players regularly. He also wouldn't comment on what prompted his latest speech. "I said some things, and we had a little talk about them," Showalter said. "I'm not going to tell you what was said — just keep the lines of what's on everybody's mind open." The Orioles were outscored 30-11 by the American League West-leading Rangers, but their struggles go beyond the series in Arlington, Texas. Since entering the June 11 game with a 30-31 record, the Orioles are 6-17. During that stretch, they have a 5.91 ERA, are batting .184 (35-for-190) with runners in scoring position and have made 18 errors in 23 games, leading to 13 unearned runs. "I think it's just inconsistency from everybody," center fielder Adam Jones said. "I'm not going to blame it specifically on the pitching, defense, hitting. It's the team. We're all one. When it comes to men in scoring position, we have to execute. When it comes to getting that big out, we have to get that big out. We need to make that big play. I know that we have that here. It's just a matter of going out and doing it. It's like preaching to the choir. We all know what we have to do. It's just a matter of going out and doing it." Asked whether he felt Showalter's stern talk was necessary, Jones said: "Personally, I don't think it should have had to come down to that, but sometimes you need a kick in the [butt] to go out there and do what you got to do. He just wants everybody to go out there and play as hard as we can." Jones and several other players said Showalter's basic message was that the Orioles' recent play is unacceptable and needs to end soon. "He said that he's not going to sit there and watch this, and I don't blame him," Jones said. "He came here to do a job, and I'd say that he's doing a good job. But we, as players, have to do it. His playing days are over. Our coaches, their playing days are over. As players right now, we have to go out there, step up and get the job done." Wieters agreed and said: "I think we have the pieces in place to play better. I don't know if we're focused enough or what. But there's no more 'do this, do that.' It has to be 'whatever it takes to win.'" South Beach it is Jones had made plans to spend the All-Star break in South Beach, Fla., but he would have been more than happy to change them if it meant joining the AL All-Star team for Tuesday's game at the Arizona Diamondbacks' Chase Field. He won't have to. Jones learned Thursday that the Chicago White Sox's Paul Konerko won the "Final Vote," which gave fans the opportunity to select the final player on each All-Star team. Jones finished fourth out of five AL competitors in the voting. That leaves Wieters as the Orioles' lone All-Star representative, the 10th time in 11 years that the team will have had only one player in the game. "I'm very thankful to be in the final five," Jones said. "Konerko is very deserving, I think everybody on the list was deserving, but I think he was one of the most deserving guys in all of baseball. So I will enjoy my three days off." Simon, Atkins likely to start Showalter stopped short of naming his rotation plans for the weekend, acknowledging that they could change depending on how much the bullpen is needed in the first two games of the Boston Red Sox series. However, the plan is for Alfredo Simon to start Saturday and Mitch Atkins to get the ball in Sunday's first-half finale. "We got the possibilities that we told you about," Showalter said. "We'll see how we come through the bullpen the next couple of nights. We got Simon, Atkins, some other guys in the bullpen that we can possibly use. They may pitch out of the bullpen, too, but we'll see how the next couple of games go." Simon would be making his first start of the season in place of struggling right-hander Chris Jakubauskas, who has a 6.75 ERA in 11 games (six starts), and managed to get only six outs against the Rangers in his last outing. The club considered bringing back Jeremy Guthrie on three days' rest to start Sunday, but Showalter said, "I don't think that's a good idea." Around the horn Second baseman Brian Roberts said via Twitter that he has taken some swings in the batting cage the past couple of days and continues to make progress. Roberts is scheduled to see concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins on Wednesday. … Showalter said infielder Cesar Izturis (right elbow surgery) is progressing and could start a rehabilitation assignment after the All-Star break and be back with the club before the end of the month. … Wieters stole the first base of his major league career in Thursday's first inning. … Rehabbing pitchers Matt Hobgood and Ryan Berry will join short-season Single-A Aberdeen early next week. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun      window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
6  The Orioles played another miserable game tonight as Zach Britton gave up eight runs in the first inning to put the Orioles in a hole from which they could not climb out. Such as the case in the last several games, the Orioles were up against one of the better teams in baseball and they couldn't pitch, hit, or play defense (the suck even seems to have affected J.J. Hardy in the field, which is just a crying shame). This game was basically a replay of the last four, so just read those recaps if you're interested, because tonight something interesting happened in the Orioles game as Kevin Gregg stood up for teams everywhere that have been pushed around by the Red Sox sense of entitlement.  Let me get this part out of the way first: yes, it sucks and is actually a tad bit embarrassing that the most interesting thing that can happen to the Orioles is a brawl, but at this point I'll take what I can get. It's hard to watch this team 99% of the time, so the few minutes of fighting that broke up the misery were pretty cool.  To set the stage, the Red Sox were up 10-3 in the eighth inning when David Ortiz stepped up the plate. If you've watched the Red Sox at all you probably know that David Ortiz thinks he owns the inside of the plate. Kevin Gregg decided to inform him that he does not. Gregg threw three pitches to Ortiz on the inside of the plate and Ortiz took exception. Unfortunately there isn't video of the pitch sequence on MLB.com, but Gregg did not throw behind Ortiz, he did not throw at his head, he didn't do anything dirty. He pitched Ortiz inside, and Ortiz yelled at him like Gregg was head hunting.     After the third pitch, Ortiz began to walk towards the mound, yelling the F word and other not-so-nice things at Gregg. Ortiz had to be physically restrained by the umpire from going after Gregg, and after he was calmed down the at-bat continued. Now, in what world is it okay to charge the mound? Ortiz should have been tossed at that point, in my opinion. But he wasn't, he was allowed to continue the at-bat.     On a 3-0 count, Ortiz popped a ball to shallow center field that Adam Jones caught easily. Gregg yelled something at him, and Ortiz decided he didn't want to go toward first base, he wanted to go after Gregg. MLB.com does have that video, so go check it out. I'll wait.  After the game, Kevin Gregg was asked about what happened, and you really have to hear it in his own words. The interview is on MASNsports.com, so go watch it if you haven't. You won't be sorry.     What Gregg said in that interview was basically that the Red Sox think they're better than everybody else and that pitching inside is part of the game and maybe Big Papi better just shove it. That last bit was some paraphrasing on my part. On Sportscenter after the game, Joe McDonald, who covers the Red Sox for ESPN Boston, said that the Red Sox were watching Gregg's postgame comments in the clubhouse and the sentiment from them was that Gregg should have been tossed as soon as he started throwing inside.  Um, hello, Red Sox? PITCHING INSIDE IS ALLOWED! He should have been thrown out for throwing inside? I think Kevin Gregg was right when he called you guys some whiny babies.  I don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow, but Alfredo Simon is pitching and he's dangerous when he's NOT trying to hit someone, so it could be interesting.  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles relief pitcher Kevin Gregg (63) fights with Boston Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz after they exchanged words after Ortiz flied out during the eighth inning of a baseball game at Fenway Park in Boston on Friday, July 8, 2011. (AP Photo/Winslow Townson)MoreBOSTON (AP) — Baltimore closer Kevin Gregg says he was delivering a message with some inside pitches to Boston slugger David Ortiz.The message could have been "back off" or "we're frustrated" as the Orioles lost their fifth straight game, allowing 10 or more runs for the fourth time during the skid.Big Papi hit a three-run homer as the Red Sox scored eight times in the first inning of a 10-3 win over Baltimore on Friday night. In the eighth, he and Gregg got into a bench-clearing brawl.Gregg and Ortiz exchanged some wild punches that did not connect as the benches cleared for the second time in the inning."I think you show them that we're not backing down," Gregg said. "We're not scared of them — them and their $180 million payroll. We don't care."The benches and bullpens emptied on consecutive pitches by Gregg to Ortiz. Nothing happened in the first round, which saw Ortiz take a few steps out toward the mound as players poured onto the field. Order was restored, and Ortiz popped up on the next pitch.It was clear Gregg was yelling at Ortiz as the slugger trotted toward first base, then went after Gregg.Gregg said he yelled at Ortiz to run out the flyball."Apparently, he didn't like me telling him that stuff and he came out there. That's part of the game — he has the right to come out there," Gregg said. "I'm going to defend myself if he comes out."Ortiz is known for not running out pop flies or groundballs. He also doesn't like getting pitched inside."There's 17 inches on the plate. You've got to use all 17," Gregg said. "That's what I was doing when I was out there. They're going to whine and complain about it because they think they're better than everybody else, but no, we have just as much right to pitch inside as they do."This is a team sport. I take offense to every run scored off every one of our pitchers. I take offense to every one of our hitters that's hit every time I'm out there.""You get tired of getting your butt kicked every night when you come in here and I'm going to stick up for what's ours and try to get the plate back."The Orioles, 5-21 in their last 26 games at Fenway Park, have given up 10 runs in each of the first two games of the four-game series. They have lost five in a row on this road trip and 10 of 11 overall, yielding double figures in four of the five consecutive losses. Their pitchers have allowed 81 hits during the losing streak.Gregg, Ortiz, Baltimore reliever Jim Johnson and Boston catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia were ejected after the fight. Neither Johnson nor Saltalamacchia was in the game at the time.Orioles starter Zach Britton (6-7) put his team in an 8-0 hole in the first inning. The bullpen then kept things respectable, but this was never a game.Then came the eighth inning."I'm not going to get into that he-said, she-said, we-said, all that stuff, and wolf calls," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "It is what it is. It's a game played by passionate men that care about what they're doing, and we're kind of wounded right now."I'm sure (Gregg) took some exception to swinging 3-0 there and I'm sure (Ortiz) took some exception to trying to pitch him in. It's part of the game. There's a lot of things that led up to that that you probably ... some people don't really notice, but we do."Derrek Lee homered for the Orioles, a solo shot off winner Josh Beckett (8-3), his former teammate with the Marlins, to key a three-run fifth inning.Dustin Pedroia added a run in the sixth with a solo homer for Boston that was kept inside Fenway Park only by a sign above the left-field wall. Pedroia knocked one all the way out of the venue on Thursday in Boston's 10-4 win.Boston reached 10 runs again Friday on Josh Reddick's RBI triple in the eighth.Baltimore finally scored in the fifth on Lee's solo homer and RBI singles later in the inning from Nick Markakis and Adam Jones.Brad Bergesen, who relieved Britton in the first, was knocked out of the game when he took a line drive from Ortiz off his pitching arm. The ball bounced hard off Bergesen's right forearm and rolled quickly to the third base line.Bergesen chased down the ball and walked back to the mound, but didn't throw another pitch and headed back to the dugout with a trainer as right-hander Chris Jakubauskas was called in from the bullpen. The Orioles said Bergesen had a bruised right forearm.It was that kind of night for Baltimore.Boston already led 1-0 when Ortiz came to bat with two on and hit a shot well into the right-field seats on a 1-0 pitch.NOTES: Baltimore OF Luke Scott, placed on the disabled list earlier this week with a right (non-throwing) shoulder strain, had an MRI that showed no extensive damage. Showalter said Scott will receive a cortisone injection Monday and be on target to return from the DL at the end of his 15 days. 
6   We all remember 2005. It was, in one season, the happiest and saddest I've been about the Orioles in a long, long time (although the first half of 2010 may have taken the place of the second half of 2005 as the worst stretch of Orioles baseball I can remember).  The first half of 2005, though, now those were good times. The Orioles had surprised all of baseball with an outstanding run to start the season and they entered the all-star break at 47-40, two games behind the Boston Red Sox. They'd spent much of the first half in first place, and as a result four of the O's were selected for the All-Star Game to be held on July 12th at Comerica Park in Detroit. It was the first time the Orioles had multiple representatives since 2000 when both Cal Ripken and Mike Bordick were selected.  The O's double-play team of Brian Roberts and Miguel Tejada were both voted into the starting lineup with Melvin Mora and B.J. Ryan selected as reserves.  The American League took a lead in the bottom of the second inning courtesy of Tejada. Miggi lead off against John Smoltz and hit a home run to give the AL a 1-0 lead. He added another RBI in the third inning off of Roy Oswalt.  Going into the fifth inning the AL had a 5-0 lead and manager Terry Francona replaced the starting third baseman, Alex Rodriguez, with the Orioles Melvin Mora. Mora took his familiar place next to Tejada in the infield, and it was a beautiful sight for Orioles fans. Around the infield at the All-Star Game, after seven losing seasons, were Melvin Mora, Miguel Tejada, and Brian Roberts. Mark Teixeira stood at first, the only non-Oriole. It only lasted one inning as Miggi was replaced in the sixth by Michael Young, and they didn't even get to make any plays together as the three outs were recorded via two fly balls and a strikeout, but it was still an awesome moment.  B.J. Ryan also appeared in the game, coming in to close out the 9th inning, and he tried to give away the game to the National League, but ultimately the AL prevailed. Miguel Tejada was awarded the MVP for his performance at the plate. As Orioles fans we had no way of anticipating the blood bath that would follow in the second half of 2005, but at the end of the first half and through the All-Star Game, things were pretty darn good.    
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles relief pitcher Kevin Gregg (63) fights with Boston Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz after they exchanged words after Ortiz flied out during the eighth inning of a baseball game at Fenway Park in Boston on Friday, July 8, 2011. (AP Photo/Winslow Townson)MoreBOSTON (AP) — David Ortiz connected on a big swing early, then missed with a flurry of late ones.Big Papi hit a three-run homer as the Boston Red Sox scored eight times in the first inning of a 10-3 win over Baltimore on Friday night. In the eighth, he whiffed on a few punches during a bench-clearing brawl with Orioles reliever Kevin Gregg.Ortiz and Gregg exchanged several wild punches, both coming close but not quite connecting in what could have turned into an even uglier scene as the benches and bullpens cleared for the second time in the inning."I think you show them that we're not backing down. We're not scared of them — them and their $180 million payroll," said Gregg, who angered Ortiz with back-to-back inside pitches. "We don't care. We're here to play the game. We have just as much right to play the game here and we're going to do everything we can to win."Gregg said he yelled at Ortiz for not running toward first on a popout, which apparently enraged Ortiz. Gregg, whose team was about to lose its fifth straight in another blowout, was ready when Big Papi charged."I was actually watching the ball and then you look down and there's two humongous guys going at it," Boston second baseman Dustin Pedroia. "In that situation you just try to support your teammates and you try to break it up. That's pretty much it."Plate umpire Mike Estabrook immediately ejected Gregg when he started shouting — and Ortiz quickly changed course, charging toward the mound. Gregg and Ortiz each threw a few haymakers, but the heavyweight bout was swallowed up by the mass of players rushing onto the field."They're going to whine and complain about it because they think they're better than everybody else, but no, we have just as much right to pitch inside as they do. This is a team sport. I take offense to every run scored off every one of our pitchers. I take offense to every one of our hitters that's hit every time I'm out there," Gregg said. "You get tired of getting your butt kicked every night when you come in here and I'm going to stick up for what's ours and try to get the plate back."It took more than 15 minutes to restore order and sort out the ejections. Gregg and Ortiz were tossed, as well as Red Sox catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Baltimore reliever Jim Johnson.Ortiz did not speak to reporters after the game.Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said he didn't want to talk about who said what that set off the melee."It's a game played by passionate men that care about what they're doing and we're kind of wounded right now. I'm sure he took some exception to swinging 3-0 there and I'm sure (Ortiz) took some exception to trying to pitch him in," Showalter said. "It's part of the game."The Orioles, who allowed 10 or more runs for the fourth time in five games, were flustered after the Red Sox sent 13 batters to the plate in the opening inning and tagged starter Zach Britton for seven earned runs on six hits and two walks. Ortiz hit a three-run shot.It was Boston's fourth straight win, and it extended Baltimore's losing streak to five.Britton (6-7) didn't even make it through the inning, getting pulled with two outs after Jacoby Ellsbury blooped an RBI single in his second at-bat."It was tremendous. Those things don't happen very often," Boston manager Terry Francona said.The outburst of runs was plenty for Josh Beckett (8-3), who allowed three runs on seven hits over five innings. Beckett was having problems with the wet dirt on the mound after a steady rain fell early in the game and he didn't return for the sixth. Having already lost another starter to the disabled list this week, the Red Sox were not risking Beckett's health so close to the All-Star break.The Red Sox said Beckett mildly hyperextended his left knee and removed him for precautionary reasons.Beckett said he didn't expect to miss the All-Star Game.He was already in line for the win after Boston's huge first inning, then Pedroia added a run in the sixth with a solo homer that was kept inside Fenway Park only by a sign above the left-field wall. Pedroia knocked one all the way out of the venue on Thursday in Boston's 10-4 win.Boston reached 10 runs again Friday on Josh Reddick's RBI triple in the eighth.Baltimore finally scored in the fifth on Derek Lee's solo homer and RBI singles later in the inning from Nick Markakis and Adam Jones.Brad Bergesen, who relieved Britton in the first, was knocked out of the game when he took a line drive from Ortiz off his pitching arm. The ball bounced hard off Bergesen's right forearm and rolled quickly to the third base line.Bergesen chased down the ball and walked back to the mound, but didn't throw another pitch and headed back to the dugout with a trainer as right-hander Chris Jakubauskas was called in from the bullpen. The Orioles said Bergesen had a bruised right forearm.It was that kind of night for the Orioles.Boston already led 1-0 when Ortiz came to bat with two on and hit a shot well into the right-field seats on a 1-0 pitch.NOTES: Yamaico Navarro, an infielder who played both in left and right field in Triple-A this year, made his major league outfield debut Friday, playing left field. Red Sox manager Terry Francona said he saw Navarro shagging fly balls during spring training and was impressed enough to know he'd be able to do it in the major leagues. ... Baltimore OF Luke Scott, placed on the disabled list earlier this week with a right (non-throwing) shoulder strain, had an MRI that showed no extensive damage. Showalter said Scott will receive a cortisone injection Monday and be on target to return from the DL at the end of his 15 days. ... Boston 3B Kevin Youkilis was picked to replace ailing Yankees 3B Alex Rodriguez on the AL All-Star roster. 
6  The Orioles stumbled to the All-Star break with a seven-game losing streak on a 1-9 road trip. Since taking two of three from the Reds on 24-26 June, they have gone 1-12 and have been outscored 95-42. They are in shambles, and let's face it, the break isn't going to do anything about that. It will only serve to give us a break from the ridiculousness.  The Orioles actually got some hits today, going after rookie Scott Kyle Weiland for six runs in the first two innings. The trouble with that, of course, is that Mitch Atkins was pitching against the Red Sox. They knocked him around for six runs in 1.2 innings, at which time he was replaced with Jeremy Guthrie, making his second relief appearance on the year.  Guthrie pitched 3.1 innings and gave up one run. For his troubles he was given the loss, making him the losingest pitcher in the majors. Poor Guthrie.  The bad blood from Friday's game (and John Lackey's blatant purposeful beanings of Derrek Lee and Nick Markakis on Saturday) was still a factor today, with a little help from the umpires. Weiland hit Mark Reynolds in the hand in the third inning. It was completely unintentional with Weiland pitching inside and Reynolds checking his swing (although shouldn't he be thrown out for pitching inside in the first place? That's what I learned from the Red Sox this weekend). Unfortunately Reynolds had to come out of the game; hopefully it won't keep him out of the lineup after the break.     Then, in the fourth inning, with one out and two runners on in a tie game, Guthrie threw a changeup to Kevin Youkilis. It got away from Guts and sailed inside, hitting Youkilis on the body armor covering his elbow. Home plate umpire Marty Foster decided that Guthrie was obviously throwing intentionally and warned both dugouts. Because when you're purposely throwing at someone to get back at them, you do it in a tie game with two runners on and one out. Oh, and you throw an 84 mph changeup.     With the bases loaded, Guthrie battled against Ortiz for eight pitches that ultimately resulted in a bases loaded walk to give the Red Sox a 7-6 lead. Geez Jeremy, guess you shouldn't have gone after Youkilis in retaliation!  Weiland came back in the top of the fifth inning and hit Vladimir Guerrero. It wasn't on purpose. The kid was making his major league debut! But since the benches had been warned, both Weiland and Terry Francona were ejected. Vlad also had to come out of the game after being hit in the hand.     Meanwhile, the Orioles were still losing. Because that's what they do. Mike Gonzalez came into the game in the sixth inning and threw behind David Ortiz. Whether he was trying to throw at him or behind him, it was pretty clear it was intentional, unlike all of the HBP on the day. Gonzo and Buck were both tossed for that act, prompting Jim Hunter to say, "This is all David Ortiz's fault." The reason being, of course, because on Friday Ortiz was a giant baby.  If there were going to be a Most Birdland Player on the day, it would be Jim Hunter. He railed against the Red Sox and the umpires for pretty much the entire game, and was very outspoken about the preferential treatment the Red Sox pitchers were getting in the strike zone as the game came to a close. An honorable mention for MBP goes out to the MASN graphics staff, who put up a graphic after Guthrie hit Youkilis that said, "First Red Sox player hit by O's pitcher." Then later, when the game returned from commercial after Weiland's ejection, we saw a graphic showing that the Red Sox have hit 52 batters with pitches this season, tops in the American League and twelve more than the second team on the list. So for all the whining and crying the Red Sox did about Ortiz getting pitched inside, only one Red Sox actually got hit by an Oriole pitcher in this series (and in fact the whole season), while the Red Sox hit four Orioles in the series and in fact seem to love throwing at other team's batters.  At any rate, the O's lose again. Enjoy the All-Star break and the Orioles will return on Thursday at home against the Indians.   
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */I love watching baseball on TV, but can't take the Orioles any longerBaltimore's wretched team has ruined one of life's great pleasures for meJuly 11, 2011|By David Zurawik | The Baltimore SunTV baseball has been one of the great pleasures of my adult life. Coming home at 8 or 9 p.m. after a long day of covering a media world that has gone nasty and mad, I would click on MASN's coverage of the Baltimore Orioles the way some folks might pour themselves a glass of wine.Hearing analyst Jim Palmer explain for the 10,000th time that "baseball is game of adjustments" had the same soothing effect for me that I expect hearing the litany of the saints or the saying of the rosary has for some devout Catholics. (And I mean that in a good way. I love Palmer's commentary, and I think Baltimore is lucky to have him.)But by the end of Sunday's game with the Boston Red Sox, I was through with Orioles' TV baseball. After more than 20 years of faithfully following the team on TV, I cannot take it any longer. var adSkipCounter = 0; By and large, it is not the coverage that has driven me from the tube. Technically, MASN does a solid job; it throws a lot of resources at the games anyway.But given the abysmal performance and culture of losing that clearly remains despite Buck Showalter, all the pleasure of following the Orioles night after night is gone. All that remains is frustration and anger -- and now, I find myself yelling at the TV when Rick Dempsey or one of the other post-game folks starts pulling punches about how awful this team is.It was pathetic to hear analysts telling me Friday night that we should be proud of Kevin Gregg, the Orioles' so-called closer, for throwing in and in and in on David Ortiz. According to MASN, this was a sign of life and determination on the part of the Orioles -- showing just the kind of toughness they needed to play in the AL East. Heck, maybe, it would even be the spark to get them going.Right, unless you watched this hapless crew on Saturday and Sunday find new ways to lose -- and look like they didn't belong on the same field with a team like the Red Sox. I'm sorry, save the propaganda about the Orioles being on their way back for someone else.The most discouarging thing to me was reading pitcher Zach Britton's whiny quotes after he got sent back to the minors. Britton was upset because he believes he has a right to learn how to pitch in the big leagues. I thought Showalter was supposed to have explained to these guys that those days are long gone -- they are supposed to win in the big leagues. That's what I mean about a culture of excuses and losing.But I am a media critic, not the Orioles beat writer, and we have a terrific reporter in Jeff Zrebiec covering the Orioles for the Sun. So, I will leave analysis of the franchise to him. I also exclude him from this last bit of media criticism from me, because he is one guy who has been calling the Orioles out.It certainly is not at the top of the list, but I believe that one of the reasons people like Vladimir Guerrero come to Baltimore and play so poorly is that the media is so soft on them. If Baltimore talk shows hosts and analysts went after ball players here when they are lazy or stupid or fail in the clutch the way our media counterparts in New York or Boston do, I bet we'd get a much better effort out of them.Mainly, what it appears that guys like Guerrero do when they come to Baltimore is put on weight. Maybe less buffet and more pressure to perform is what we need. And a media that at least tried to demand accountability from these high-priced, under-performing athletes could help with that.So, congratulations Orioles, you have done what some really bad teams couldn't do -- you have driven me from one of my favorite nightly media rituals.I was a regular viewer of the Detroit Tigers in the 1970s when they were awful and I worked at the Detroit Free Press. I stuck with the Texas Rangers in the 1980s when I worked at the Dallas Times Herald and the team was so bad I cannot remember the name of one player today.For a couple of years in the 1990s when Pat Gillick and Davey Johnson were calling the shots and the Orioles could proudly stand toe to toe with the New York Yankees and Red Sox, following them on TV was way beyond a glass of wine in terms of pleasure. It was more like a double martini with a valium chaser -- and no hangovers.Thanks for those TV memories anyway, O's.Goodbye and good luck. And I really do hope you give me a reason to watch again -- someday. But I have to be honest, I am not holding my breath.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
6  Brooks Robinson participated in a lot of All-Star Games. Fifteen of them, in fact, in fifteen consecutive years beginning in 1960. He put up a number of good performances in those games, but his best game came in 1966, a year the American League lost the game 2-1 in extra innings. The 1966 All-Star Game, held on July 12th in St. Louis, was your garden variety pitcher's duel. And do you know what's important in a pitcher's duel? Defense. And you know who was awesome at defense? You know where I'm going with this. But not only did Brooks flash the leather during this game, he was also responsible for nearly all of the AL offense that day. Sandy Koufax started the game for the National League and pitched three innings, giving up just one hit. That hit went to Robinson, who tripled to left field with one out in the second inning. With Robinson on third and the Tigers' Bill Freehan at the plate, Koufax threw a wild pitch that allowed Robinson to score and give the AL a 1-0 lead. That lead held until the bottom of the fourth inning when Ron Santo hit a single off of Jim Kaat to knock in Willie Mays and tie the game. The score remained 1-1 until the bottom of the tenth inning, thanks in part to Robinson's performance in the field. Robinson played all ten innings of the game and cleanly fielded three pop ups, one liner, and four ground balls in support of his pitching staff. At the plate he did all he could to try and give the AL the lead; in addition to his second inning triple, Robinson singled to lead off the seventh inning but was erased on a double play. He led off the tenth inning with another single and moved to second on a wild pitch, but was stranded as the Giants' Gaylord Perry retired the side.    Finally, in the bottom of the tenth inning, the NL prevailed. Tim McCarver singled with no outs and came around to score the winning run on a hit by Maury Wills. Each team managed just six hits in the ten-inning game, with Brooks Robinson responsible for half the AL's total. That combined with his outstanding efforts in the field earned him the honor of being All-Star MVP despite the fact that he was on the losing team. The All-Star Game MVP was first recognized in 1962, and only twice since then has the losing team gotten the MVP. First with Robinson in 1966, then again when Carl Yastrzemski won the MVP for his efforts in the the AL's 5-4 loss in 1970. The Orioles would, of course, go on to win their first World Series in 1966. The recognition of their outstanding third baseman in the All-Star Game was just another feather in the team's cap in that outstanding year for Orioles baseball.  
6  2011 marks the twentieth season that Oriole Park at Camden Yards has been the home of the Baltimore Orioles, and despite the product on the field, the park remains one of the most beautiful in baseball. And judging by the number of out-of-town fans I encounter on a regular basis, a desirable vacation spot. When Camden Yards opened in 1992 it was immediately heralded as a unique and amazing ballpark, and one year later the Orioles got to show their home off to all of baseball as they hosted the 64th annual MLB All-Star Game. But it wasn't just a game, it was a celebration of Baltimore and of the Orioles' gem of a ballpark. There were street festivals and concerts and a fan fests surrounding the main event. It was great. I was fourteen years old, and while I didn't have a chance to go to the game itself, I did attend the fan fest and all-star workout day that preceded it. After wandering around the fan fest at the convention center in the morning, me, my father, and my friend Jenny Stevenson found our seats in the upper deck on the third-base side. The sun was blazing and by the end of the day we were all sunburned.  I've lost touch with Jenny over the years, but one thing I will always remember about her is how much she loved Mike Mussina. You might think you were the biggest Mussina fan in the 1990s, or that you know someone else who was. But you would be wrong, because nobody loved Mike Mussina more than Jenny Stevenson. She was giddy the entire time we were there and while I don't specifically remember her reaction to Mussina not pitching in the actual game, I'm sure she was livid.    The all-star workout is unique, because there are professional baseball players everywhere and while they're in uniform and on the field, they are more relaxed than you ever see on game day. From our place in the upper deck we had a great view of the entire stadium. Mussina hung out with Cal Ripken and some other all-stars in the outfield for quite some time, and all of the players interacted with the fans, tossing balls into the crowd and signing autographs. The biggest news from the home run derby was, of course, that Ken Griffey Jr. hit the warehouse on a fly, the first and only time that has ever happened. But the truth is I don't even remember that. I remember hearing about it after it happened, but I don't remember the swing when it happened. Perhaps it was the location of our seats, but when I think of that home run derby, all I remember is Juan Gonzalez. I can still see the arc of the ball that he hit to the upper deck in left field and the home run that hit off of the green wall in center field. I had never seen anything like it. Other festivities included the celebrity derby which featured exactly one home run. It was hit by Tom Selleck. The only other celebrity I remember was Michael Jordan. There was also an old timers' game with Brooks Robinson. It was just about the most perfect day that 14 year old Stacey could imagine. And that was before the actual All-Star Game even happened.    I already talked about the game when highlighting Mike Mussina's snub a few days ago, but the American League put a whooping on the National League. As the broadcasters ooh'd and ah'd over the retro beauty of Camden Yards and the perfect way it was built into the city's landscape, Cal Ripken went 0-3 and home runs from Kirby Puckett and Roberto Alomar led the team to victory.  Those were good days. It's hard to remember, but back then people liked Peter Angelos as an owner. The Orioles were coming off of an 89-win season in 1992 and in the midst of an 85-win 1993. Camden Yards was sold out every night and the national press couldn't stop going on about what an amazing place it was. It was a different time for Orioles baseball, one that makes me both happy and sad to remember.  
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)With another Orioles season derailed, focus again shifts to futureMacPhail, Showalter counting largely on pitching resurgence to right team struggling in every areaJuly 12, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunAs of about four weeks ago, Angelos, MacPhail and the organization's other top decision-makers had plenty of reasons to be optimistic about the club. Despite being without Hardy, Brian Matusz, Justin Duchscherer, Luke Scott, Derrek Lee, Brian Roberts and Cesar Izturis for good chunks of the first half, the Orioles were just one game under .500 on June 10.Center fielder Adam Jones and catcher Matt Wieters had made significant strides offensively and defensively. Right fielder Nick Markakis was starting to show signs of busting out, and the rebuilt left side of the infield — Hardy and third baseman Mark Reynolds — was providing power and producing runs.Matusz had just come back, joining a young and talented rotation that included the emerging Zach Britton and Jake Arrieta. Back-end relievers Jim Johnson, Koji Uehara and Kevin Gregg were converting most of the Orioles' late leads into victories. var adSkipCounter = 0; However, since moving to 30-31 with a 7-0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on June 10 that included a grand slam from Markakis and seven shutout innings from Arrieta, the Orioles have won just six of 27 games. That includes dropping nine of 10 in a first-half-ending road trip on which the Orioles looked woefully overmatched against three of the league's better teams."It's frustrating because we know we are a good team with a lot of talent," said Guthrie, who leads the majors with 12 losses despite a 4.18 ERA. "We showed that for a nice stretch to start the season. But for the last 25 or 30 games, we haven't pitched well, we haven't gotten the timely hits, and defensively, we haven't made the big plays that can help you through an inning. Knowing our abilities, it makes it a little tougher to accept how poorly that we've played."Markakis is the second-longest-tenured player on the club, and he maintains this is "hands down, the most talented" Orioles team he has been on. However, that hasn't translated into the standings."We've got some guys in a funk right now, and they need to learn how to overcome it," Markakis said. "I know from experience, and I've learned from it. You have to move on. We have the talent, we have the ability. It's just a matter of putting it together. I think that's what we've lacked, but it's definitely going to come. I feel good about it, and a lot of guys feel good about it. But when you're all over the place, it definitely makes it tough. That's no excuse. We have guys that that we're putting on the field every day, and we're just not getting it done. It's tough, and it's frustrating."Several Orioles pointed to their strong finish to last season after Showalter took over as proof that there is still plenty to be gained over the final 21/2 months. However, the key to that run was the Orioles' starting pitching, a group that is in shambles.The Orioles' projected five-man rotation when spring training broke was Guthrie, Matusz, Chris Tillman, Arrieta and Brad Bergesen. Britton was promoted to the big leagues when Matusz went to the disabled list on Opening Day.Of that group, Matusz and Tillman are getting uneven results in Triple-A, Britton is in Double-A after compiling a 6.86 ERA over his past eight big league starts, Arrieta has had recent elbow discomfort, and Bergesen and his 5.65 ERA are in the bullpen. Their issues — and the organization's alarming lack of pitching depth — have forced the club to rely on career minor leaguers such as Mitch Atkins, Chris Jakubauskas and Alfredo Simon to make starts.It's no wonder that the Orioles have the worst team ERA in baseball at 4.76. The ERA of their starters is 5.00, third worst in the game, ahead of those of the Kansas City Royals (5.13) and Chicago Cubs (5.29). Orioles starters have gone six innings or more twice in the past 16 games, compiling a 9.56 ERA during that span and taxing an already-vulnerable bullpen."We knew going in that we were depending on our young starting pitching and that they will continue to perform to the level close that they did the last two months last year. Up until this point, they haven't been able to do it," MacPhail said. "We just got to get the starting pitching back on track. We've only had like three quality starts in the last three weeks. That is going to take a toll on all aspects of the team."Basically, the Orioles are left hoping for a similar pitching renaissance to the one that occurred last year, when the starters posted a 3.10 ERA after Showalter took over Aug. 2."I am not going to say the world is going to end if we don't win X number of games," Showalter said. "Nothing is ever as good as it seems, nothing is ever as bad as it seems. You try to stay positive. You are talking to a guy who lost 97 games [with the Arizona Diamondbacks in 1998] and then we won 100 [with Arizona] the next year. I know how quickly things can change, good and bad. It gives you a grip on reality. I've told you all along, if we get the starting pitching figured out, we are going to have some fun."jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.comtwitter.com/jeffzrebiecsunBaltimore Sun reporter Dan Connolly contributed to this article.Prev | 1 | 2     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Arundel's Hibbs loses scholarship to Florida State after drug arrestHow a prominent black cemetery diedHow the city's nickname came to beAre you setting S.M.A.R.T. goals?Trying to clarify convection settingsThe old oyster R-month rule 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */With another Orioles season derailed, focus again shifts to futureMacPhail, Showalter counting largely on pitching resurgence to right team struggling in every areaJuly 12, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunThey entered the All-Star break last year with an interim manager, 27 games out of first place in the American League East and with a 29-59 record that had them on pace for a franchise-worst 109 losses.Yet the circumstances surrounding the current Orioles appear every bit as dire, and perhaps even more deflating. They have lost seven straight games and 12 of 13. Their starting rotation can't deliver quality or even serviceable starts, their offense can't produce clutch hits and their defense can't consistently turn makeable plays into outs.At 36-52, the 2011 Orioles' biggest accomplishment is being ahead of last year's record-setting pace for futility. And after finishing last season 34-23 under new manager Buck Showalter, overhauling the coaching staff, adding several accomplished veterans and giving their young nucleus one more year to mature, that's not what this season was supposed to be about. var adSkipCounter = 0; "I guess I wouldn't classify it as a step back, but we certainly haven't built off the momentum that we started the year with," starter Jeremy Guthrie said. "We had it for a couple of weeks of the season, but we haven't been able to sustain it. With new faces and new components of this team, we have the parts and pieces to do it. We just haven't shown that we can do it consistently yet. Hopefully, that's in our future."As the Orioles start the second half and a 10-game homestand against the Cleveland Indians on Thursday, the hope for a winning season — the organization's first since 1997 — is all but gone. Instead, the focus has shifted to a familiar place in the Andy MacPhail era: the future."It is what it is. I don't think anybody is trying to portray it as the record being anything different than it is," said MacPhail, in his fourth full season as the Orioles' president of baseball operations. "The people understand that. They'll choose to look at it however they choose to look at it. People are awfully sophisticated today. By and large, they know what they are looking at on the field, and they have access to so much information to help evaluate where you are. I think it's pretty clear that we're making progress, we're better. It's just not coming as quickly as I'd like."Said Showalter: "I know the reality of what's going on. I got it. We've got good people. We just have to put it together. You play every day, and that's a great exposure for strengths and weaknesses."Showalter and the MacPhail-led front office face a crucial final 21/2 months of the season. They have to decide what to do with impressive shortstop and free-agent-to-be J.J. Hardy and explore the market for several underperforming veterans before the July 31 nonwaiver trade deadline. They have to upgrade a beleaguered pitching staff that has a 6.14 ERA over the past 27 games and rarely has given the Orioles a chance to win in recent weeks. They have to pore over the minor league affiliates and determine whether the Orioles have any prospects at the upper levels of an unbalanced system who can be counted on to occupy key roles in 2012.And the decisions will have to be made as several Orioles executives, including MacPhail and director of amateur scouting Joe Jordan, enter the final months of their contracts. Orioles owner Peter Angelos told The Baltimore Sun in March that MacPhail is "not going anywhere," but the team's struggles, along with MacPhail's wishes, could certainly factor in that decision."Let's just see how we do and how we feel at the end of the year," said MacPhail, who has never said definitively that he wants to return next year in the same capacity. "Obviously, it's a two-party decision. We're going to have to agree. I've always said and will continue to say, 'Let's just see how we do and how we feel at the end of the season.'"Angelos speaks regularly with MacPhail, but he has also been meeting about once per homestand with Showalter, a departure from the owner's relationships with previous managers. Dave Trembley, Juan Samuel, Sam Perlozzo and Lee Mazzilli didn't communicate with the owner much or, in some cases, at all. MacPhail said he has encouraged the arrangement."He's free to talk to whoever he wants. He owns the team," MacPhail said. "You have to remember, as I told Peter, Buck is used to George Steinbrenner, Jerry Colangelo and Tom Hicks. He's probably not going to understand if there is not communication. Plus, why shouldn't Peter have access to what's going on at the ground level during games? Do you think that Bill DeWitt of the Cardinals doesn't talk to [manager Tony La Russa]? That's idiotic to suggest for it to be any other way. There's something wrong if the owner doesn't talk to the manager."1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
2  Keith Law of ESPN and Scouts, Inc. joins Ken Weinman and Vinny Cerrato for a very frank discussion about the Orioles’ disappointing season, farm system, and lack of player development. Keith Law  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
6  Well, here we are at another All-Star break, and the Orioles have the second worst record in the American League and the fourth worst in baseball. They have the second worst run differential in baseball and the worst in the American League. For enthusiasts of traditional statistics, the Orioles have the worst ERA in baseball; for saber fans, the Orioles are last in baseball by UZR. The Orioles are also unlucky; they have scored the fourth fewest runs in the American League, despite having the seventh highest OPS in the league. We arrived at the All-Star break having lost nine of our last ten games, and with a rotation featuring Jeremy Guthrie, Mitch Atkins, Chris Jakubauskas, and Alfredo Simon. It seems safe to say that we aren't primed for a big second half. As the survivors of thirteen consecutive losing seasons, Baltimore fans are used to seeing their team lose. But this season has been devastating to the hope that arrived four years ago with the hiring of Andy MacPhail as general manager. His rebuilding effort appears to have failed. Now in his fourth season with the Orioles, Adam Jones has not emerged into a star player. Neither has All-Star Matt Wieters, now in his third season in the majors. Our top pitching prospect of 2009, Chris Tillman, is back in the minors after having failed at the major league level. So is our top pitching prospect of 2010, Brian Matusz. Our top pitching prospect of 2011, Zach Britton, joined them there last week, after failing to get out of the first inning against the Red Sox. Meanwhile, our free agent stopgaps have become more expensive, but no more effective, with Vladimir Guerrero and Derrek Lee proving to be only marginally more useful than Garrett Atkins and Miguel Tejada were last season.   Our continued malaise as an organization this season is even harder to take because our perennial fellow bottom dwellers have all seen progress this season. The Pittsburgh Pirates are four games over .500 and a game back of their division lead. The Diamondbacks are six games over .500 and three back of their division lead. The Washington Nationals have a .500 record, and have done it with Stephen Strasburg missing the entire season and Ryan Zimmerman injured for a large portion of it. The Mariners have moved into third place, and have seen breakout campaigns from Michael Pineda and Dustin Ackley to go with Felix Hernandez and Justin Smoak to form a strong young core of talent. And while the Royals are only a game ahead of the Orioles in the standings, they have the top minor league system in baseball, which has seen the impressive debuts this season of Eric Hosmer, Danny Duffy, and Mike Moustakas. Fans in Kansas City feel, legitimately, that things are finally looking up. And the Orioles, well, we have failed in nearly every way. We don't hit, we can't pitch, and we can't field. We don't develop top young players, nor do we succeed in signing free agents. The most excitement we've seen from Baltimore fans lately has come from the Orioles demonstrating that they are unable to hit even a target as large as David Ortiz with either a pitch or their fists. Watching the Orioles on and off the field, it feels like I am watching a team that is going nowhere, passing through a tunnel where I can't see the light on the other side.    It is hard for me to find the meaning in being an Orioles fan this season. At nearly whatever your expectations were for this season, the Orioles have managed to underperform. Unlike many O's fans and the actual management of the team, I didn't expect the Orioles to be good this season, or even to approach .500. I did, however, expect that they would be fun to watch, and that is not the case. At all. The Orioles are excruciating to watch, whether they be failing miserably with runners in scoring position, bungling routine plays in the field, tottering around the basepaths or giving up more home runs than anyone in baseball. Ten years after the publication of Defense Independent Pitching Statistics, we have the third worst groundball rate of any pitching staff in baseball; eight years after the publication of Moneyball, we have the third worst walk rate in the American League. We are stuck in the past, as symbolized by our free agent additions of some of the top stars of a decade ago.    The frustration level is increased because it feels like there is precious little the Orioles can do to turn this around. Unlike in previous seasons we can't look to a change of the manager to end our frustration; unlike his predecessors, Buck Showalter has the reputation of being one of the top managers in the game and the team has committed to him for multiple seasons. Nor do we have the hope of the cavalry coming around the corner; with the graduation of Britton, our top prospects are all in A ball or below. Under our present front office, our record of developing our own prospects is abysmal, but our record of scouting and signing major league free agents is worse. We can indulge, and will, for the next month in trade rumors, hoping that the next Oriole star will come from a trade of Jeremy Guthrie or Koji Uehara, but having been burned by Josh Bell, Tillman, and Jones, I have little faith in the ability of the O's to find a gem on the trade market. And while Guthrie and J.J. Hardy are nice players, we can hardly expect the kind of return for them that MacPhail got for Erik Bedard who was coming off a season as a Cy Young runner-up or a former MVP like Tejada. And of course, as much as we might fantasize about trades where we get Julio Teheran from the Braves for Adam Jones or Brandon Belt from the Giants for Hardy, the reality is that the O's don't have any articulated intention of dealing their best players; the latest rumors are that the Orioles will actually be buyers at the deadline, looking for veteran pitchers to shore up a rotation that until a couple weeks ago was leading the AAA Norfolk Tides to the worst record in the International League. So, what do we have to hold on to? We aren't fun to watch, we aren't going through the growing pains of a rebuilding movement, we can't have faith that this is the start of something better. As a fan, I feel like I am being asked to be a sentinel; to bear witness to sport without hope. The old Dodgers refrain of "Wait 'til next year!" holds no promise for me; I believe in my bones that next year we are going to be no better off than we are this year. Manny Machado and Jonathan Schoop will be a year closer to the majors, but Wieters, Matusz and Tillman will all be a year further away from when they had the potential to be star players.    So where does that leave us? What's the rationale for following a team, rooting for a team, blogging about a team, when the fun is gone, and the hope is gone, and you are conducting an autopsy on the corpse-like remains? Why remain a fan of an organization that is inept on and off the field, that rewards our loyalty and passion so poorly? These are hard questions, and my answer doesn't satisfy me as a thinking person. I keep watching the Orioles, thinking about the Orioles, caring about the Orioles for a simple reason: because I can't stop. I don't live in the Baltimore area anymore, but the love of it is in my blood. Baseball doesn't feel right to me if it doesn't come with pit beef and Old Bay fries, and the sight of the warehouse beyond right field. I'm a hostage to the Orioles, even when I know that they don't love me back and may never repay me for my affection and loyalty. And there is one more thing that I can't let go of, that keeps me coming back for more punishment... It doesn't have to be this way. Baseball isn't a fair game. There are teams who have huge advantages and always will, teams that have loads of money and recent success, teams that top prospects are eager to sign with and free agents are eager to play for. And they will always have an edge. And there are teams whose circumstances almost condemn them to long stretches of failure, teams like the Royals and Pirates who play in small media markets in poor areas, or teams like the Athletics and Rays who inhabit areas where there simply aren't enough fans who care about the team. The Orioles aren't like those teams.  Our owner is not a miser. Our town still shows up in decent numbers and still tunes in on television. Even with over a decade of losing, of our having to elevate decent players into stars so we have heroes of our own, we still manage to be more popular than half the teams in baseball. We have the raw elements for baseball in Baltimore to be successful. And we can be a part of making it happen. The Royals became a smarter team that emphasized a strong farm system in part because smart people like Joe Posnanski and Rany Jazayerli became the leading journalists following the team. They helped their fellow Royals fans become smarter about baseball, and helped lead that team towards making smarter baseball decisions to satisfy their fan base. Writers like Dave Cameron and Jason Churchill did the same for the Mariners, helping to end the Bill Bavasi era and allowing Jack Zduriencik the freedom to make bold moves to reshape their franchise. That's a pretty thin reed to hold on to, I'll admit. I've given a lot already as a fan of this team, and gotten precious little back; it strikes me as highly irrational to give more, to ask others to give more, simply because I refuse to believe that it has all been for nothing. I find it hard to believe that, at this late stage, after he has been one of the worse owners in sports for almost two decades, that I am putting my faith in the ability for Peter Angelos to pull his club out of its death spiral.  As hard as it has been and probably will continue to be to watch the Orioles, this is a time in our franchise's history where a lot of interesting things will happen. Over the next month, we will have both the trade deadline and the signing deadline for the amateur draft, and how we handle them will tell us a lot about our future. A few months later, the contracts of our general manager and our scouting director will expire. What kind of future do we want to have as Orioles' fans? What kind of future will our owner, a man who whatever his faults loves our city, demand and try to achieve? I will be here to witness it. I want to see what happens next. Even if it keeps breaking my heart.  
6  The Orioles have had a lot of big moments in the All-Star Game, as evidenced by their six All-Star MVPs, most for one team in history (They are: Brooks Robinson - '66, Frank Robinson, '71, Cal Ripken - '91, Roberto Alomar - '98, Ripken - '01, Miguel Tejada - '05). But none was bigger than the role Cal Ripken played in in the 2001 All-Star Game at Safeco Field in Seattle. By 2001, Ripken was a shell of the great player we'd grown to love over his twenty-year career. He hadn't been an above-average hitter for five seasons (the exception being 1999 when he hit very well but was limited to just 86 games due to injury), and long gone were the days of him digging out a ground ball from the hole at shortstop and flinging it effortlessly to first. Despite his sharp decline, Ripken was loved. We loved him the most, of course, but he was universally adored across baseball in a way few players have ever been. After announcing his retirement in June of that year, crowds attended his away games, fans who wanted to say they'd seen Ripken play one last time. I happened to visit my family in Chicago when the Orioles were playing the White Sox, and my brother and I bought tickets to see the Orioles at New Comisky Park even before the official retirement announcement was made. Cal had the day off the day we went, much to the disappointment of the White Sox fans sitting around us. At that point I'd seen Ripken play dozens of times in person, so it wasn't a big deal to me. I was disappointed, however, when I discovered that the following day would be Cal Ripken Day at the game. Cal Ripken Day. In Chicago, where Ripken's team would be trying to beat the team honoring him. I mean, honestly, how often does that happen? And it wasn't only the White Sox who took such measures as Ripken's farewell tour was celebrated all around the country with press conferences, tributes, and countless standing ovations. Going into the All-Star Game, Ripken was hitting a putrid .240/.270/.324, but because the fans loved him, they voted him in. Such is the nature of the game. When the game began, the American League All Stars took their places on the field, Ripken at third base. But Alex Rodriguez, whose idolization of Ripken had been well documented, had other ideas (2001 was A-Rod's first year with the Rangers, when we'd only scratched the surface on his douchiness, so I actually liked him then). Rodriguez insisted that Ripken play shortstop for the first inning. In subsequent recordings you can hear Ripken saying to him, "I'm not playing shortstop!" and putting up a bit of a fight, but Rodriguez wasn't having any of it. And so, in a fitting tribute, Cal got to play shortstop one last time. He didn't make any plays (which was probably a relief for him).    Ripken led off the top of the third inning as Chan Ho Park replaced Randy Johnson as the NL pitcher. After a long standing ovation from the crowd, Ripken sent a fastball over the left field wall to give the AL a 1-0 lead. We all know that Park simply threw a fastball down the middle for Ripken, but that didn't make it any less exciting. Even the National League players didn't mind, as a few of them clapped as he rounded the bases. Ripken had one more at bat in the fifth inning (a ground out) before he was replaced in the field by Troy Glaus. The AL manager, Joe Torre, didn't remove him until he'd taken the field in the top of the 6th, giving the crowd one last chance to cheer him and his All-Star teammates a chance to say goodbye. The AL went on to defeat the NL 4-1, and Ripken was the obvious choice for All-Star MVP. In a long career that featured more losing teams than he deserved and only three seasons in the playoffs, Ripken got one last chance to shine on a big stage, and he didn't let us down.   
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles displeased with suspensions stemming from Red Sox seriesGregg, Gonzalez, Showalter banned for O's; Ortiz Boston's only lossJuly 14, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunThe Orioles were already a little angry about the way they were treated in Boston, and that fire has been flamed by Major League Baseball's ruling Thursday to suspend two Orioles players and manager Buck Showalter and only one Red Sox player, slugger David Ortiz, after last weekend's bean-brawl series at Fenway Park."I definitely think they need to go back and do their homework," said Orioles left-hander Michael Gonzalez, who was suspended three games and fined $1,500 for throwing behind Ortiz on Sunday. "We're already appealing it. I think [MLB needs] to go back and go through the whole series as opposed to just going through one game and seeing how everything fell into place."On Thursday, Joe Garagiola Jr., MLB's senior vice president of standards and on-field operations, announced the punishments. The Orioles saw four people disciplined: Gonzalez, closer Kevin Gregg (four-game suspension, $2,500 fine), Showalter (one game, undisclosed fine) and reliever Jim Johnson ($500 fine). The Red Sox had three: Ortiz (four-game suspension, undisclosed fine), catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia (undisclosed fine) and pitcher John Lackey (undisclosed fine). var adSkipCounter = 0; Gonzalez's ejection Sunday was the final incident in a series marked by flaring tempers and umpire intervention. The bad blood first erupted Friday night, when Gregg threw three inside pitches to Ortiz, then yelled at the Boston designated hitter when he swung at a 3-0 pitch, popped it up and didn't run. Ortiz, who had walked toward the pitcher's mound after the third inside pitch, charged Gregg after the pop-up, and the two men exchanged wild punches that did not land.The benches cleared that night, two Orioles were hit Saturday (and Lackey was warned after the second plunking) and two Orioles and one Boston player were hit Sunday. In Sunday's game, Red Sox rookie starter Kyle Weiland, Boston manager Terry Francona, Gonzalez and Showalter were ejected.Managers are automatically ejected when their pitchers hit a batter after a warning has been issued, and they are normally fined and suspended for one game.So it was intriguing that Showalter was suspended for Thursday night's game against the Cleveland Indians — and replaced by bench coach John Russell — but Francona was not disciplined.On further review, Garagiola apparently ruled Weiland, who was making his major league debut, did not intentionally hit Vladimir Guerrero. Therefore Francona did not have to be automatically suspended."When warnings are issued, it's pretty much standard [that managers get suspended]," Showalter said before knowing for sure the Francona ruling. "I don't really know. I'd be interested to know if that is the case."Francona told The Boston Globe on Thursday night: "Why would I have been suspended? I didn't do anything. I didn't think they would suspend me."Ortiz was not at the Red Sox's workout at Tropicana Field on Thursday, but it is expected he will appeal his fine.Gregg called his punishment "very steep," and said he didn't think it was fair that he and Ortiz would receive similar discipline."You break down the situation," Gregg said. "He actually came out at me twice. I defended myself. To get the same time, suspension, I don't agree with it. That's why I am appealing it."Gonzalez's and Gregg's appeals have not been scheduled, but they will be allowed to play until they have their hearing with Garagiola in New York.In making his case, Gregg pointed out that the Red Sox lead the American League with 52 hit-by-pitches while Orioles pitchers have a league-low 19."They've hit [52] guys on the year; we've hit [19]. We hit one guy with a changeup, and they hit the [four] guys that they hit. So, I don't know, I don't agree with it," Gregg said. "The way the process went down with the umpires, you know, it's their job to handle the games, keep them under control. That's their job. I will appeal my suspension and see what happens. There's not a lot to say about it."Gonzalez said Orioles pitchers were particularly frustrated during last week's series in Boston, in which they were swept in four games."It was definitely frustrating. They obviously lead the league in batters hit. Obviously, a few of those seemed intentional," Gonzalez said. "They're hitting our star guys, and you're going to get frustrated as a pitcher. Those are your guys. It's kind of a family thing, and they were getting hit. Yeah, anyone's going to be pretty mad about it."Boston catcher and team captain Jason Varitek said both sides need to put the series behind them when the Red Sox come to town Monday for three games at Camden Yards."We have to concentrate and play baseball," Varitek said. "Those things tend to linger on [more] externally than they do internally. Both teams need to go out and try and win baseball games."dan.connolly@baltsun.comtwitter.com/danconnollysun     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Law: Orioles should trade 'every veteran who's not nailed down'July 14, 2011|By Matt VenselRemember before the baseball season when I chatted with ESPN's Keith Law about the Orioles, and he fired up the fan base by saying that the Orioles were "clearly the worst team" in the AL East? Well, right now, it looks like Law got that one right. But to his credit, he made a point not to rub salt in the wound when he appeared on 105.7 The Fan with Ken Weinman and Vinny Cerrato to discuss the Orioles on Wednesday.“I just didn’t like the strategy,” Law said of the team signing Vladimir Guerrero, Justin Duchscherer and Derrek Lee during the offseason. “One of the criticisms I raised at the time was that they were spending all this money on veteran free agents to fill out a club that is not going to contend for a playoff spot. Isn’t that probably taking money away from the amateur signing budget? Maybe the draft? Maybe international?”But Law said the most troubling thing about the last-place Orioles, who trail the Red Sox by 18 games in the AL East, is the regression of the young starting pitchers, widely considered to be the organization’s strength. var adSkipCounter = 0; “What is going on with the arms in Baltimore?” Law said. “Chris Tillman lost velocity somewhere between Triple-A and the majors. Brian Matusz, I understand he had an injury earlier this year. Is he still injured? It looks like he has lost four or five miles per hour on his fastball. This is starting to become a little bit of a chronic problem. ... I don’t know if this is a developmental thing or just rotten luck, which it could be, but something isn’t working in the Orioles’ player development of pitchers.”He mentioned Brandon Erbe and Matt Hobgood as two others who regressed after joining the organization, and he also expressed concern with Zach Britton, who was sent to Triple-A Norfolk.His solution? Trade “every veteran who’s not nailed down.”“If you’re the Orioles, you have to just accept that you’re going to lose 100-plus games this year,” said Law, a former member of the Blue Jays organization who now writes for ESPN’s Scouts Inc. “You’re probably going to lose 100-plus games next year. You need to go out and deal any veteran player who is not likely to be part of the next good Orioles team. That’s anyone who is not under contract for 2013 or beyond. You’ve got to trade them for prospects, even if it’s a mid-level prospect. Trust your scouts. Go out and add the depth to your farm system. Sometimes you get lucky.”I understand Law is not for everyone -- especially if you drink heavy doses of the orange Kool-Aid -- but if you are one of those folks who said the Baltimore media is not hard enough on the Orioles, you will enjoy Law’s interview with Weinman and Cerrato.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosCleveland Indians' Asdrubal Cabrera, left, high-fives teammate Travis Hafner after hitting a solo home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Thursday, July 14, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Cleveland Indians couldn't have scripted a better start to the second half of the season.Asdrubal Cabrera and Carlos Santana homered in the first inning and the Indians beat Baltimore 8-4 on Thursday night to extend the Orioles' losing streak to eight games.The victory moved the Indians into first place in the AL Central, percentage points ahead of idle Detroit. Cleveland lost three straight against Toronto before the All-Star break to fall out of first for the first time since June 28."For us it was important because we finished the first half with three bad games against the Blue Jays," manager Manny Acta said. "We needed to get out there and put those three games behind us. It is important — especially in our situation."Cabrera, the second batter in the order, homered off Jeremy Guthrie (3-13) for a 1-0 lead. Travis Hafner then drew a walk, Santana hit the next pitch into the seats in center, and the Indians were on their way.That made it easy for Justin Masterson (8-6) to improve to 3-0 in his last three starts."It was great for us to come out kind of firing," Masterson said. "It gave not only myself but the rest of us a lot of confidence, the ability to go back out there and get back in the rhythm of things that we've missed out in the last three days. Just have some fun."Masterson (8-6) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings, striking out eight."I worked out of a few jams here and there," he said. "I felt in control most of the time."Cleveland is 4-0 against Baltimore this season, outscoring the Orioles 28-11.Nick Markakis drove in two runs for the Orioles, whose eight-game losing streak matches a season high. Baltimore is 1-13 since June 26."It's tough to put your team in the hole like that," said Guthrie, who allowed six runs, five hits and four walks in five-plus innings. Three of his major league-leading 13 losses have come during Baltimore's eight-game skid, including two in the last two games.The Orioles were without manager Buck Showalter, who served a one-game suspension as part of the punishment handed out Thursday by Major League Baseball following a July 8 bench-clearing brawl in Boston. Bench coach John Russell ran the team while Showalter watched from a private box."It was fun. Obviously, you don't like the outcome," Russell said.Mike Gonzalez, who appealed a three-game suspension stemming from the heated four-game series against the Red Sox, pitched a scoreless inning of relief. So did Kevin Gregg, who appealed his four-game suspension.After getting to Guthrie early, the Indians made it 4-0 in the third when Michael Brantley doubled and scored on Santana's double. Guthrie avoided further damage by getting Orlando Cabrera to bounce into a double play with the bases loaded.Markakis delivered a two-out, two-run single in the bottom half. But the Orioles wasted a two-out double by Felix Pie in the fourth, and Masterson retired Markakis and Adam Jones with runners at second and third in the fifth."We were in position to bridge the gap but weren't able to do it," Jones said.Cleveland pulled away with a four-run sixth. After Grady Sizemore drew a leadoff walk, Orlando Cabrera broke an 0-for-18 slide with a single that ended Guthrie's night. Travis Buck then hit a sacrifice fly off Mark Hendrickson and Brantley singled in a run before Asdrubal Cabrera and Hafner hit RBI singles off Jason Berken.Baltimore got two runs in the bottom half. Derrek Lee hit an RBI double and ran through a stop sign from third base coach Willie Randolph to score on a two-out single by Blake Davis.NOTES: The Orioles struck out a season-high 13 times, including five straight to end the game. ... Cleveland RHP Fausto Carmona threw 50 pitches in a simulated game Thursday and is poised to start one game of Monday's doubleheader in Minnesota. Carmona has been on the 15-day DL since July 3 with a strained right quadriceps. ... Orioles DH Vladimir Guerrero still felt pain from being hit by a pitch on the hand Sunday in Boston and was unavailable. All-Star catcher Matt Wieters took his place. ... Indians 3B Lonnie Chisenhall returned to the lineup after missing three games with a broken nasal bone, the result of being hit by a pitch. ... Hafner reached in all five plate appearances. He singled twice, walked twice and was hit by a pitch. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles, Hardy making progress on three-year extensionContract would be worth between $7 million and $8.5 million per season.July 15, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunThe Orioles and shortstop J.J. Hardy continue to make progress on a three-year contract extension that would be worth between $7 million and $8.5 million per season, according to two baseball sources."My thought is that I still hope it gets done," Hardy said. "I know my agent and [director of baseball operations] Matt Klentak have been talking. I don't know exactly where they are at or what they are thinking. If it gets done or not before the trade deadline, I don't know what their thoughts are. But I still say I hope it gets done."The sides are attempting to iron out several issues, including specific contract value and some type of no-trade clause, which Hardy would like after having been with three teams since 2009. The Orioles haven't given a full no-trade clause to a player since Melvin Mora in 2006, but Nick Markakis (eight clubs) and Brian Roberts (12 clubs in 2011, full protection in 2012) have limited clauses built into their extensions. var adSkipCounter = 0; "Yes, I'd like [some] no-trade. I know how they have done it in the past with Markakis and Brian Roberts. It's not a whole lot of teams," Hardy said. "Yeah, that's a big part of it. Money a little bit. The fact I'd know where I'd be somewhere for a little while. I think there are a lot of things that play a factor. If something doesn't get done, then I would have that choice in the offseason to make something like that happen."If the Orioles can't agree to an extension soon, they'll have to consider dealing Hardy by the nonwaiver trade deadline at the end of July, since he is their best trade chip and likely would not clear waivers. Hardy, 28, is batting .277 with 13 homers and 33 RBIs and has made just two errors in 62 games this season.Another option would be to hold on to Hardy, offer him arbitration at the end of the year and get two high draft picks if he signs elsewhere as a free agent. Although the club does not characterize its negotiations with players, both sides seem to consider extending Hardy the best option.Despite what likely will be the Orioles' 14th consecutive losing season, Hardy said he believes the team has talent and likes the direction taken by manager Buck Showalter, president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail and owner Peter Angelos."I see a pretty good lineup. I see a lot of pieces, like [Matt] Wieters, Adam Jones, Markakis. If Brian Roberts can stay healthy, that's five pretty good guys that are filling up the field," Hardy said. "The pitchers, I feel like you see potential. Everyone sees potential. They are young, and another year under their belts will do wonders. … And I do believe Andy MacPhail, Buck and Peter are doing everything they possibly can to make this a winning team. That's something I have to believe and go from there."If Hardy signs a three-year deal, he likely would be a bridge to top prospect Manny Machado, who is 19 and playing at High-A Frederick. It's something Hardy has done in the past. In Milwaukee, he was the incumbent while shortstop Alcides Escobar was considered one of the better prospects in baseball.Hardy said what's most important is knowing where he'll be playing for the next couple of seasons."This sport has just been that way: You never really know what is going on," Hardy said. "It's tough. That is probably the toughest thing for me in this sport. That's why I feel like I'd like to be somewhere for a while."Guerrero DL possibilityVladimir Guerrero, who has been diagnosed with a cracked bone in his right hand, missed his second consecutive game Friday, making a trip to the 15-day disabled list more likely.Guerrero took early batting practice Friday, and it "did not go well," Showalter said. "We had to not put him in the lineup, obviously. … It becomes a decision now [on] how long we can or will wait."Guerrero was hit by a pitch from the Boston Red Sox's Kyle Weiland in the fifth inning Sunday in Boston and left the game. Initial X-rays were negative, but more tests Thursday revealed the crack in a bone just below his wrist."Guys have played with it, if there's not a possibility of hurting it more," Showalter said. "It's a matter of when the discomfort goes away, if it does."Guerrero might undergo more tests, and, if it looks as if he will not be available to play for another few days, he likely would be placed on the DL. Without him, the Orioles had a two-man bench Friday.Showalter on suspensionsShowalter was back in the dugout Friday after a one-game automatic suspension Thursday stemming from Sunday's ejection of Orioles left-hander Michael Gonzalez, who threw behind Boston's David Ortiz after both sides had been warned.Red Sox manager Terry Francona was not suspended, however, even though he was ejected from that game when his starter, Weiland, hit Guerrero. Major League Baseball later ruled Weiland was not intentionally throwing at Guerrero, so the automatic suspension of Francona was lifted.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Different roles coming for Showalter and MacPhail?Orioles manager may have future in front office, while club's GM may have interests away from gameJuly 16, 2011|By Peter SchmuckOrioles manager Buck Showalter spent Thursday night watching his team from the front office suite, serving out a one-game suspension and — just maybe — getting a small taste of what life might be like if he traded in his uniform for a coat and tie. Don't misunderstand. He's not campaigning for a promotion, but there is enough uncertainty on the Orioles horizon that you're going to hear all kinds of speculation over the next few months about the future makeup of the baseball operations department. Here's what we know: President of baseball operations Andy MacPhail is in the final months of his 4 1/2-year contract and Showalter appears to have taken his place at the right hand of owner Peter Angelos. var adSkipCounter = 0;  We're not talking about a bloody coup here. MacPhail has always encouraged Showalter to communicate directly with the big boss, and Showalter — unlike some of his predecessors — has not been shy about letting Angelos know what he thinks should be done to put the Orioles on a firm footing for the future. The only question is how this affects the future of the front office. Does this mean that MacPhail is getting ready to ride off into the sunset … and someday the Commissioner's office? Does it mean that Showalter will soon get his secret wish to become a general manager and have complete control over the operation of a franchise? MacPhail remains coy about his plans, but there have been some subtle signs that he might be ready to either step into a more business-oriented role with the team or even step out of the game for awhile and do some of the things that a lifetime in baseball have not allowed. He is sending another son off to school inCalifornia this year and he relishes every opportunity to spend time with his 93-year-old father, but the job doesn't permit him to get away much. Maybe you remember that day in spring training when Angelos, without much prompting, told me that MacPhail's contract situation wasn't an issue and he "isn't going anywhere." MacPhail's immediate reaction was muted and it was obvious that he wasn't ready to predict where he might be in a year. Now, with his guaranteed tenure down to a matter of months, he's still not saying a whole lot on the subject, but he recognizes that his unresolved status will become a much bigger issue as the season draws to a close. Of course, a lot has changed since early March. Angelos was inFlorida back then enjoying his newly renovated spring training complex and bursting with optimism about the newly renovated Orioles. The mood in and around the organization has taken a 180-degree turn since then, so it's difficult to say whether Angelos still feels the same way about MacPhail, or — for that matter — Showalter. MacPhail's rebuilding plan appeared to have turned a corner at the end of the 2010 season, but the club's dramatic midseason collapse has left everyone to wonder just where the organization goes from here. The contract extension that the club is about to finalize with shortstop J.J. Hardy is certainly a positive sign, but another series of serious pitching setbacks has left the team looking almost as hopeless as it did at this time last year. It remains to be seen if that motivates MacPhail to prevail on Angelos to give him more time to finish what he started in 2007. If MacPhail decides he has had enough or Angelos decides not to renew his contract, it will undoubtedly spark a new debate over the direction the organization should take to pull out of its 14-year funk. Showalter likely will be the man moderating that debate, either as the guy calling the front office shots or the one who suggests MacPhail's replacement. Long-time baseball executive John Hart, who worked in the O's organization during the 1980s and was Showalter's GM inTexas, already has been rumored as a possible successor. No doubt, a lot will depend on how the final 2½ months of the season play out. If the Orioles don't pull out of this midseason tailspin, who knows if anybody will want the job. peter.schmuck@baltsun.com Listen to Peter Schmuck when he hosts "The Week in Review" on Fridays on WBAL (1090 AM) and wbal com.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosCleveland Indians' Grady Sizemore (24) slides into second with a double in front of Baltimore Orioles second baseman Robert Andino (11) during the first inning of a baseball game, Sunday, July 17, 2011, in Baltimore. Sizemore left the game with an injury on the play. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles finally have a winning streak going, and it couldn't come at a more opportune time.Robert Andino homered and had a career-high four RBIs, and Baltimore beat the Cleveland Indians 8-3 Sunday to earn a split of the four-game series.Adam Jones, Nick Markakis and Matt Wieters hit solo shots for the Orioles, who scored the final eight runs after falling behind 3-0 in the first inning. Baltimore lost nine straight and had not put together successive victories since June 19-20 before beating the Indians twice over the weekend.Next up for Baltimore: A three-game series against the AL East-leading Boston Red Sox, who swept the Orioles in four games just before the All-Star break."It's better to have a winning streak, even if it's two," Jones said. "Let's build on this. We've got a tough team coming in, so let's take this momentum and use it against them. They're a good team. We know that. Everybody in baseball knows that. But they can be beat, so they're going to come to Camden (Yards) and we have something for them."Many times this season the Orioles have fallen behind early and couldn't muster enough offense to come back. On Sunday, however, Baltimore won after trailing by three runs for the first time since May 26.Andino led the way. The first three-run homer of his career put Baltimore up 4-3 in the fifth, and a deftly executed suicide squeeze in the seventh helped pad the margin."Anything I can do to help the team win," said Andino, who's gotten extensive playing time this season in place of injured second baseman Brian Roberts. "I'm just happy to be here."Travis Hafner and Carlos Santana homered for the Indians, who have dropped five of seven. Cleveland stranded 11 and went 2 for 8 with runners in scoring position."We just left too many people on base, ultimately," Hafner said. "That really hurt us."Cleveland All-Star shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera added another brilliant fielding gem to his ever-expanding highlight reel. With a runner on first base in the fourth, Cabrera sprinted behind second base to reach Markakis' grounder. As his momentum carried him toward the outfield grass, he flipped a no-look, underhand toss to second baseman Luis Valbuena, whose relay completed the stunning double play.Limited to a pair of hits by Jeanmar Gomez and trailing 3-1 in the fifth, Baltimore got singles from Wieters and Mark Reynolds before Andino hit a 3-1 pitch into the front row of the left-field seats. It was his eighth home run in 3,524 career at-bats.Markakis homered in the sixth to chase Gomez (0-2), recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game."I threw the ball pretty well the first four innings," Gomez said. "The fifth inning, the problem was I got behind the count."Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the seventh before Jim Johnson quelled the threat.Baltimore went up 7-3 in the bottom half against Joe Smith, who had not allowed an earned run in his previous 27 appearances. Derrek Lee doubled and came home on a bunt by Andino before J.J. Hardy hit an RBI single.Wieters connected in the eighth off Frank Herrmann.Baltimore starter Mitch Atkins gave up six hits, including a pair of homers, in three innings. The right-hander needed 77 pitches to get nine outs.After the game, Atkins was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk.Mark Hendrickson (1-0) followed with three innings of scoreless relief to earn his first win since May 13, 2010."(Hendrickson) was probably the key to the game, the innings he put up there," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.Atkins retired the first two batters before Hafner hit a drive into the center-field bleachers. Three pitches later, Santana launched a shot to right that became the 56th home run in the 20-year history of Camden Yards to land on Eutaw Street.Showalter insisted it was a foul ball, and the umpires adjourned to look at a replay before returning to confirm the home run call.Grady Sizemore followed with a double but twisted his right knee while running to second. He was replaced by Ezequiel Carrera, who scored on a single by Travis Buck.Batting cleanup for the first time this season, Jones led off the second inning with his 15th home run.NOTES: Sizemore will be sent back to Cleveland for an examination of his knee. ... The Indians are expected to recall LHP David Huff on Monday to start against Minnesota. Fausto Carmona will come off the disabled list to pitch the second game of the doubleheader. ... The Orioles placed DH Vladimir Guerrero on the DL and recalled OF Matt Angle from Norfolk. Angle went 0 for 3 with a walk in his major league debut. 
3 View photosCleveland Indians' Grady Sizemore (24) slides into second with a double in front of Baltimore Orioles second baseman Robert Andino (11) during the first inning of a baseball game, Sunday, July 17, 2011, in Baltimore. Sizemore left the game with an injury on the play. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Another fielding gem by Asdrubal Cabrera and a three-run first inning turned out to be the highlights of a frustrating game for the Cleveland Indians, who ended up lamenting several missed opportunities and another knee injury to Grady Sizemore.The Indians wasted 10 hits and four walks in an 8-3 loss to the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday, and manager Manny Acta was not at all pleased after watching his team strand 11 and go 2 for 8 with runners in scoring position."We left an army of guys on the bases, and that really hurts at the end," Acta said.Sizemore twisted his right knee while rounding first base on a first-inning double. He was removed from the game and will be examined in Cleveland on Monday to determine the extent of the injury. Sizemore has already spent time on the disabled list this season with a bruised right kneecap."It's the same knee that he had the contusion, not the surgically repaired one," Acta said. "He got a quick turn around first base and it hurt him a little bit."Cabrera, the AL starting shortstop in the All-Star game, added more footage to his ever-expanding highlight reel. With a runner on first base in the fourth, Cabrera sprinted behind second base to reach Markakis' grounder. As his momentum carried him toward the outfield grass, he flipped a no-look, underhand toss to second baseman Luis Valbuena, whose relay completed the stunning double play.That was one of the only bright spots for the Indians, who have dropped five of seven. Travis Hafner and Carlos Santana homered in the first, but Cleveland allowed eight unanswered runs over the final eight innings."We just left too many people on base, ultimately," Hafner said. "That really hurt us."Robert Andino homered and had a career-high four RBIs, and Adam Jones, Nick Markakis and Matt Wieters hit solo shots for the Orioles.Baltimore is riding its first winning streak since June 19-20 after entering the weekend with nine straight defeats, including the first two games of this series.Andino led the way. The first three-run homer of his career put Baltimore up 4-3 in the fifth, and a deftly executed suicide squeeze in the seventh helped pad the margin.Limited to a pair of hits by Jeanmar Gomez and trailing 3-1 in the fifth, Baltimore got singles from Wieters and Mark Reynolds before Andino hit a 3-1 pitch into the front row of the left-field seats. It was his eighth home run in 3,524 career at-bats."That inning, I think what really hurt (Gomez) was the 0-2 pitch to Reynolds," Acta said. "He wasn't able to put him away and then the whole thing escalated."Markakis homered in the sixth to chase Gomez (0-2), recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game."I threw the ball pretty well the first four innings," Gomez said. "The fifth inning, the problem was I got behind the count."Cleveland loaded the bases with one out in the seventh before Jim Johnson quelled the threat.Baltimore went up 7-3 in the bottom half against Joe Smith, who had not allowed an earned run in his previous 27 appearances. Derrek Lee doubled and came home on a bunt by Andino before J.J. Hardy hit an RBI single.Wieters connected in the eighth off Frank Herrmann.Baltimore starter Mitch Atkins gave up six hits, including a pair of homers, in three innings. The right-hander needed 77 pitches to get nine outs.He was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk after the game.Mark Hendrickson (1-0) followed with three innings of scoreless relief to earn his first win since May 13, 2010."(Hendrickson) was probably the key to the game, the innings he put up there," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.Atkins retired the first two batters before Hafner hit a drive into the center-field bleachers. Three pitches later, Santana launched a shot to right that became the 56th home run in the 20-year history of Camden Yards to land on Eutaw Street.Showalter insisted it was a foul ball, and the umpires adjourned to look at a replay before returning to confirm the home run call.Sizemore followed with a double but left after making it to second. He was replaced by Ezequiel Carrera, who scored on a single by Travis Buck.Batting cleanup for the first time this season, Jones led off the second inning with his 15th home run.NOTES: The Indians are expected to recall LHP David Huff on Monday to start against Minnesota. Fausto Carmona will come off the disabled list to pitch the second game of the doubleheader. ... The Orioles placed DH Vladimir Guerrero on the DL and recalled OF Matt Angle from Norfolk. Angle went 0 for 3 with a walk in his major league debut. 
6  The title of this post is brought to you by BrianS. Ho hum. Another night of piss-poor pitching (both starting and relief, but especially relief) and shaky defense, and what looked like it could be a comeback win turned into another embarassment as the Red Sox scored fifteen runs against some of the worst pitching you will ever see in the major leagues. The Orioles jumped out to a two-run lead in the first as Josh Reddick misplayed a Derrek Lee ball into a triple. Matt Wieters and Adam Jones scored for a few moments things were good in Birdland. Bergesen started off looking fantastic. His fastball was sinking and he was hitting his spots. He retired the first six batters in order on just twenty-two pitches, but it was all downhill for Bergy after that. Leading off the top of the third inning, Jarrod Saltalamacchia smoked a home run deep to center field, and the next hitter, J.D. Drew, just barely missed a home run of his own. Bergesen then got singled to death, although he didn't have much help from his defense. After back-to-back singles from Marco Scutaro and Jacoby Ellsbury, Dustin Pedroia hit a weak ball that snuck between Mark Reynolds and J.J. Hardy for an RBI single, then Adrian Gonzalez singled in the third run of the inning to give the Red Sox the lead.     Bergesen allowed two more runs in the fourth inning thanks to miscues in the field. After a leadoff single from Carl Crawford, Saltalamacchia hit a pop up to shallow left field that fell in between the bumbling Felix Pie and Reynolds. Neither touched the ball so it was scored a single, but it was ugly. After striking out Drew, Bergesen induced a ground ball to first that Lee uncharacteristically booted. Crawford scored on the play, followed by a sacrifice fly that knocked in Saltalamacchia. Up 5-2 going into the fifth inning, the Red Sox added one more on a home run by Josh Reddick to give the Red Sox a four run lead the felt insurmountable. But sometimes even the Orioles will surprise you, as it took them just one inning to regain the lead (for a little while at least). Felix Pie started the fifth inning and, as we have come to expect from Felix, he didn't do anything productive. Luckily for him, however, his third strike was passed ball and Felix was able to reach. That put a runner on for Hardy who celebrated his new contract with his fourteenth home run of the year. That brought the O's to within two runs, but they weren't finished yet. With one out Adam Jones sent a ball into orbit. Seriously, folks, it was crushed. The distance on the ball was announced at 434 feet and it landed in the walkway just in front of the overhang seats. With the score 5-4 and two outs in the inning, Wakefield loaded the bases via two singles and a walk. That brought the criminally underused Nolan Reimold to the plate. Nolan got the job done with a double down the left field line. Wieters and Lee came into score and with that the Orioles had come all the way back to take a 7-6 lead. That knocked Wakefield from the game and the new pitcher, Dan Wheeler, retired Pie to end the inning. The Red Sox tied the game in the seventh as the elusive Troy Patton, who had pitched a perfect sixth, allowed two to reach and then, after striking Adrian Gonzalez, was removed in favor of Jason Berken. Berken immediately gave up an RBI single to Kevin Youkilis to tie the game and was taken out. Michael Gonzalez retired the last two batters without incident to preserve the tie. The Orioles couldn't do anything in the bottom of the inning and Gonzo returned for the eighth. It was not pretty. He fell completely down on the mound twice, walked Darnell McDonald, gave up an single to Scutaro in a nine-pitch at bat, and walked Ellsbury to load the bases with one out. With that, Showalter had seen enough and brought in Mark Worrell to face Dustin Pedroia in his Orioles debut. Yeah, the debut didn't go so well. First of all, this Mark Worrell person throws like...I don't even know. He sidearms it but also steps sideways and I don't know, it's bizarre. It's also not effective. Pedroia doubled over Markakis' head in right to knock in two and give the Red Sox a 9-7 lead and kick off the bloodbath. By the time the inning was over the score was 15-7 and the masses of Red Sox fans were cackling like hyenas. Gonzalez was responsible for three runs, Worrell for three, and Chris Jakubauskas with two. The Orioles made it interesting in the 8th, but they just couldn't erase the horror of the 8 spot put up by the Red Sox. Josh Bell made his 2011 debut and singled with one out, followed by a walk by Robert Andino. Hardy singled in Bell, then the runners moved to second and third on a wild pitch for Nick Markakis, who blooped them in. That made the score 15-10, where it would remain. In summary, the Orioles scored ten runs and lost.       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles left fielder Felix Pie (18) comes to the aid of Adam Jones, top, after Jones leapt in vain for a home run hit by Boston Red Sox's Jarrod Saltalamacchia during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, July 18, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Playing against a weary club, the Baltimore Orioles homered twice and reached double figures in runs for only the third time this season.And it still wasn't enough to reverse an annoying trend against the Boston Red Sox.Dustin Pedroia doubled in two runs to spark an eight-run eighth inning, and the Red Sox got home runs from Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Josh Reddick in a 15-10 rout Monday night.Pedroia, Kevin Youkilis and Darnell McDonald had three RBIs apiece for the Red Sox, who have won 13 of 15. The run includes a 16-inning victory at Tampa Bay on Sunday night in which Boston mustered only five hits.Showing very little signs of fatigue, the Red Sox banged out 16 hits in rolling to their seventh straight victory over Baltimore. Boston has outscored the Orioles 61-32 during that span."Frustrating," Baltimore shortstop J.J. Hardy said.The Red Sox checked into their Baltimore hotel around 6 in the morning, grabbed some sleep and put a whipping on the last-place Orioles."Just a tough game. We put up a lot of runs and they just happened to put up more," said Nolan Reimold, who had two RBIs. "They looked pretty sharp. Credit to them. They had a long game yesterday and then the flight and came out obviously ready to play."It was the first meeting between the teams since the Red Sox recorded a heated four-game sweep at Fenway Park immediately before the All-Star break.Boston designated hitter David Ortiz and Orioles closer Kevin Gregg began serving three-game suspensions for their part in a bench-clearing incident during that series. Both players were initially suspended for four games before appealing the punishment.The Red Sox didn't miss a beat. Boston fell one run short of matching its season high and had six players with at least two hits, including Pedroia, whose 16-game hitting streak is one short of his career high.After the Red Sox loaded the bases against Mike Gonzalez (1-2) in the eighth, Pedroia hit a tiebreaking two-run double off Jason Berken to make it 9-7. Youkilis added a two-run single, Carl Crawford singled in a run and McDonald capped the uprising with a three-run double."We battled back a little bit and had the momentum and it happened kind of quick," Hardy said. "Eight runs and then bam."Baltimore scored three runs in the eighth, but that just meant the Orioles lost when reaching double figures for the first time since Aug. 2, 2009. That was an 18-10 defeat against Boston.Hardy and Adam Jones homered for the Orioles, who have lost 10 of 12."A couple guys on, we might have taken a roll at them in the ninth," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "But they pitched a little bit better than we did tonight."Dan Wheeler (2-1) got the win with 2 1-3 innings of no-hit relief for starter Tim Wakefield. His performance was particularly noteworthy because Matt Albers, Alfredo Aceves, Daniel Bard and Jonathan Papelbon pitched Sunday night."We didn't have Albers, didn't have Aceves, didn't have Bard," Boston manager Terry Francona said. "(Wheeler) comes in and shuts them down for a while. That's what gave us a chance. He threw the ball really well."Wakefield gave up seven runs, three earned, and nine hits in 4 2-3 innings. He was undone by a particularly wicked knuckleball that produced a strikeout but resulted in a passed ball that fueled a five-run fifth inning that gave Baltimore a 7-6 lead.Felix Pie opened the fifth by striking out, but he reached when the pitch eluded Saltalamacchia and went to the screen. Hardy, who signed a new three-year contract earlier in the day, hit a two-run homer and Jones drove a knuckleball an estimated 434 feet into the left-field stands.Later in the inning, Reimold chased Wakefield with a two-run double.Youkilis' RBI single tied it at 7 in the seventh.After Derrek Lee hit a two-run triple for Baltimore in the first inning, Boston took the lead against Brad Bergesen with a three-run third that began with Saltalamacchia's seventh homer.Boston made it 5-2 in the fourth, scoring two unearned runs after Lee let a grounder to first base go through his legs. The miscue ended a run of six straight errorless games by Baltimore.Reddick homered off the foul pole in the fifth for a 6-2 lead.NOTES: Crawford (back strain) was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game and went 2 for 5. ... Lee's triple was his first since Aug. 17, 2009. ... RHP Mark Worrell, whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game, became the 900th player to wear an Orioles uniform. He was charged with three runs without getting an out in the eighth during his first appearance in the majors since 2008, with St. Louis. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles left fielder Felix Pie (18) comes to the aid of Adam Jones, top, after Jones leapt in vain for a home run hit by Boston Red Sox's Jarrod Saltalamacchia during the third inning of a baseball game, Monday, July 18, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Boston Red Sox were coming off an exhausting night. They were missing their leading home run hitter and operating with a thin bullpen.The Red Sox casually brushed aside those obstacles and cruised to another lopsided victory over the Baltimore Orioles.Dustin Pedroia doubled in two runs to spark an eight-run eighth inning, and the Red Sox got home runs from Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Josh Reddick in a 15-10 rout Monday night.Pedroia, Kevin Youkilis and Darnell McDonald had three RBIs apiece for the Red Sox, who have won 13 of 15. The run includes a 16-inning victory at Tampa Bay on Sunday night in which Boston mustered only five hits.Showing very little signs of fatigue, the Red Sox banged out 16 hits in rolling to their seventh straight victory over Baltimore. Boston has outscored the Orioles 61-32 during that span.The Red Sox checked into their Baltimore hotel around 6 in the morning, grabbed some sleep and put a whipping on the last-place Orioles."You guys are putting more into that than we are. If had lost tonight, I wouldn't have used that as an excuse," Boston manager Terry Francona said. "Everybody is a little tired tonight, but you do what you're supposed to do."It was the first meeting between the teams since the Red Sox recorded a heated four-game sweep at Fenway Park immediately before the All-Star break.Boston designated hitter David Ortiz and Orioles closer Kevin Gregg began serving three-game suspensions for their part in a bench-clearing incident during that series. Both players were initially suspended for four games before appealing the punishment.The Red Sox didn't miss a beat. Boston fell one run short of matching its season high and had six players with at least two hits, including Pedroia, whose 16-game hitting streak is one short of his career high."After getting a lot of guys on base and not being able to get the job done (Sunday), it felt good to come out tonight and score some runs," Reddick said.After the Red Sox loaded the bases against Mike Gonzalez (1-2) in the eighth, Pedroia hit a tiebreaking two-run double off Jason Berken to make it 9-7. Youkilis added a two-run single, Carl Crawford singled in a run and McDonald capped the uprising with a three-run double.Asked if it was difficult to play after such a quick turnaround, McDonald said: "It's not tough at all. This is what we get paid to do — to play baseball. It was nice to come out and get a win after having such a long night."Baltimore scored three runs in the eighth, but that just meant the Orioles lost when reaching double figures for the first time since Aug. 2, 2009. That was an 18-10 defeat against Boston.J.J. Hardy and Adam Jones homered for the Orioles, who have lost 10 of 12."A couple guys on, we might have taken a roll at them in the ninth," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "But they pitched a little bit better than we did tonight."Dan Wheeler (2-1) got the win with 2 1-3 innings of no-hit relief for starter Tim Wakefield. His performance was particularly noteworthy because Matt Albers, Alfredo Aceves, Daniel Bard and Jonathan Papelbon pitched Sunday night."We didn't have Albers, didn't have Aceves, didn't have Bard," Francona said. "(Wheeler) comes in and shuts them down for a while. That's what gave us a chance. He threw the ball really well."Wakefield gave up seven runs, three earned, and nine hits in 4 2-3 innings. He was undone by a particularly wicked knuckleball that produced a strikeout but resulted in a passed ball that fueled a five-run fifth inning that gave Baltimore a 7-6 lead.Felix Pie opened the fifth by striking out, but he reached when the pitch eluded Saltalamacchia and went to the screen. Hardy, who signed a new three-year contract earlier in the day, hit a two-run homer and Jones drove a knuckleball an estimated 434 feet into the left-field stands.Later in the inning, Nolan Reimold chased Wakefield with a two-run double.Youkilis' RBI single tied it at 7 in the seventh.After Derrek Lee hit a two-run triple for Baltimore in the first inning, Boston took the lead against Brad Bergesen with a three-run third that began with Saltalamacchia's seventh homer.Boston made it 5-2 in the fourth, scoring two unearned runs after Lee let a grounder to first base go through his legs. The miscue ended a run of six straight errorless games by Baltimore.Reddick homered off the foul pole in the fifth for a 6-2 lead.NOTES: Crawford (back strain) was activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game and went 2 for 5. ... Lee's triple was his first since Aug. 17, 2009. ... RHP Mark Worrell, whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game, became the 900th player to wear an Orioles uniform. He was charged with three runs without getting an out in the eighth. ... Wakefield's three strikeouts gave him 1,996 with Boston. Roger Clemens is the only player to have 2,000 strikeouts with the Red Sox. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Your turn: Was the final ruling on Gregg's suspension fair?July 19, 2011|By Matt VenselMajor League Baseball reduced Kevin Gregg's suspension from four games to three and made his fine easier on his wallet after the Orioles closer appealed the league's initial ruling. But Gregg is still frustrated that he is suspended as long as Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz, who charged his mound back on July 8.Yes, Gregg and the Orioles are still talking about a bench-clearing brouhaha that happened 11 days ago."I talked to the league a little bit. I talked to the players association a little bit. But the bottom line is trying to do what's in the best interest of the team," Gregg said Monday night after the commissioner’s office announced its final ruling. "Ortiz is taking his time now, so I still don't think it's fair that we have the same fine, same suspension. But we're going to move past that point and get on with the season."Now that the suspension is final, Gregg can do nothing else but move on from the incident. This should be the last time reporters ask him about the suspension. His beef with MLB is that he never hit Ortiz with a pitch -- he threw inside three times -- and that Ortiz charged the mound, forcing him to shoo Big Papi away with some shadow boxing moves; Gregg never landed any slaps or punches. var adSkipCounter = 0; Meanwhile, four Orioles were plunked in Boston's four-game sweep before the All-Star break, including Vladimir Guerrero, who is on the disabled list with a fractured hand thanks to Kyle Weiland."You look at the whole breakdown of it -- we lost our DH for two weeks, and they lost theirs for three days," Gregg said. "So, no, it's not fair. But what you can do? You got to play the game."And when the Orioles and the Red Sox played Monday’s game, Boston blew open a tied game with eight runs in the eighth inning against a shorthanded Baltimore bullpen. The Orioles lost, 15-10.Gregg will sit out the rest of the Boston series, steaming away in 100-degree weather on the bench. He has voiced frustration with his suspension at least three times now. Should he be ticked off?Your turn: Was the final ruling on Gregg’s suspension fair?     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles' Scott sidelined again, hopes to return this seasonOutfielder still aiming to avoid surgery on tear in right shoulderJuly 19, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunWith his right shoulder not improving as much as he would like, Orioles left fielder Luke Scott will be shut down for a couple of days, but he still hasn't abandoned hope of playing again this season. "Hopefully, it'll just be a couple more days. That's my goal. The goal was to be ready today, and just after these first two games, I'm just not ready to play yet. But I'm working to get there," said Scott, who played in two rehabilitation games for Double-A Bowie, going 2-for-6 with a homer and two strikeouts. "I like to look at things in a positive light, shoot for the stars and hopefully I'll be ready by the end of this homestand." Scott is on the disabled list for the second time this season because of the labrum tear in his shoulder. He has played 63 games this season and has been out of the lineup since July 3. Before reporting to Bowie, Scott did nothing for about two weeks, hoping the rest would ease his discomfort. However, his shoulder hasn't responded as he had hoped. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "I'm still dealing with this tear on pitches that are kind of away and pitches that I get out in front of, like breaking pitches," said Scott, who is batting .223 with nine homers and 22 RBIs for the Orioles a season after he was voted the team's Most Valuable Player. "There's no shrill or sharp pain or anything. It's just discomfort. It's been like this since May, where I haven't been myself. I haven't had the snap on my swing and [the] bat speed. It's been a challenge to deal with." Scott has maintained that season-ending shoulder surgery is his last resort, and he reiterated that Tuesday. However, Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Scott might need to decide soon because if he waits too long to have the surgery, it could affect his availability for next season. "That's Luke's decision. It's his body, his career," Showalter said. "There are options there that he [could] continue down this road, see if it gets to something that he can manage, and be productive. You can do the rehab, kind of what [Jason] Berken and [Jim Johnson] did at one time in [their careers]. But that is a three-month rehab. You don't do anything but strengthen the capsule and the things around it. That is an option, or you just go ahead and have the surgery. "Talking to [head athletic trainer Richie Bancells], if he waits a whole lot longer, he puts starting next year healthy in jeopardy. Luke has a lot of things to think about. He's aware of all those options. I'm going to kind of leave him alone, let him think it through and see where he wants to go … If that's an option in Luke's mind, something that he wants to do, he's going to have to do it pretty quickly so he's healthy and ready to start the season next year." More injury news Second baseman Brian Roberts experienced migraine headaches Monday, but Showalter said they weren't believed to be related to the concussion he had in May. Showalter also said Roberts felt much better Tuesday and could do some physical activities. Nashville-based orthopedic surgeon Dr. Thomas Byrd, who performed surgery on the left hip of Justin Duchscherer in June 2010, has recommended that the pitcher have another surgery on his hip. Duchscherer, who signed with the Orioles in February but has not pitched all season because of hip and back issues, will consult with team orthopedist Dr. John Wilckens before deciding. Duchscherer, who has had three hip surgeries, is not expected to pitch again this season. Utility infielder Cesar Izturis (elbow surgery) will resume playing in games Friday for the Gulf Coast League Orioles. He'll move to Double-A Bowie on Saturday and serve as the Baysox's designated hitter, then play shortstop for Bowie on Sunday. If all goes well, he could be activated from the disabled list for Tuesday's series opener in Toronto. Orioles acquire Phillips The Orioles acquired left-handed reliever Zach Phillips from the Texas Rangers for Triple-A infielder Nick Green and cash. Phillips, who is 1-3 with a 4.43 ERA in 33 games for Triple-A Round Rock, was added to the 40-man roster and will report to Triple-A Norfolk. Showalter said pitching coach Rick Adair and former pitching coach Mark Connor, who have ties to the Texas organization and have worked with Phillips, gave positive reports about the 24-year-old pitcher. "He's got a lot of weapons," Showalter said. "He has a chance to pitch out of the bullpen in the big leagues. I know Rick, those guys, they have had a lot of very close contacts with him. They think he needed a change of scenery. I like Phillips. He's got a good arm. I like him. I know two or three years ago before they got such a stockpile of arms, he was way up in that Baseball America prospect book — whatever that means."1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBoston Red Sox starting pitcher Andrew Miller delivers a pitch against the Baltimore Orioles during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, July 20, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Poor Jacoby Ellsbury. He won't get to bully the Baltimore Orioles again until September.Ellsbury hit two solo homers, Andrew Miller and three relievers combined on a two-hitter, and the Boston Red Sox defeated the Orioles 4-0 Wednesday.Adrian Gonzalez had four hits for the Red Sox, who took two of three from Baltimore to conclude their sixth consecutive winning road trip. Boston also went 2-1 at Tampa Bay.Ellsbury put the Red Sox up 1-0 in the third inning and 3-0 in the seventh. The 27-year-old outfielder has a 29-game hitting streak against the Orioles, batting .445 with six homers and 20 RBIs over that span."It's just one of those things," Ellsbury said, "I really don't know what it is. I like hitting here."Fortunately for Baltimore, the two AL East teams don't meet again until Sept. 19 in Boston. Lest the Orioles think Ellsbury saves his best for them, it should be noted that he's batting .316 with 15 homers and 54 RBIs overall."We shouldn't feel like he's picking on us," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He's having a great year, and he seems to be even better against us. You could ask the same question about (Josh) Reddick and Gonzalez."Reddick went 2 for 3 to lift his career batting average against Baltimore to .400, but on this day, Ellsbury was the catalyst."He kind of put us on his shoulders today," manager Terry Francona said. "He does that from time to time."Both drives came off Jake Arrieta (9-7), who has yielded a team-high 19 long balls in 20 starts. Ellsbury's only other two-homer game was on April 22, 2008, against the Los Angeles Angels."His job is to get on base and wreak havoc on the bases," teammate Kevin Youkilis said. "The home runs are extra."Miller (4-1) allowed two hits over 5 2-3 innings in a wild but effective performance. The 6-foot-7 left-hander issued a career-high six walks and had only one perfect inning.Still, Miller took a no-hitter into the fifth. Facing Craig Tatum with one out, he threw a pitch that floated three feet wide of the plate and rolled to the backstop. Two pitches later, Tatum grounded a single up the middle.In the sixth, Derrek Lee singled with two outs and Mark Reynolds walked to chase Miller. Former Oriole Matt Albers came in and maintained Boston's two-run lead by getting Nolan Reimold to hit into a force play.Albers also worked a perfect seventh, Daniel Bard had a 1-2-3 eighth — his club-record 21st consecutive scoreless outing — and Jonathan Papelbon got the final three outs."Albers came in and did a really good job. He's been doing a good job all year," Baltimore's Adam Jones said. "Bard came in, then Papelbon. But we should have had runs off the starter. We put ourselves in the right situation. That's all you can ask for. Getting a hit isn't easy, but putting ourselves in the situation is a start."Miller gave up three straight one-out walks in the second inning to load the bases for Tatum, who bounced into a 4-6-3 double play to end the threat."I think the double play was definitely a momentum shift," Miller said. "Fortunately, I was able to get into the game after that. If we didn't get the double play, this game likely would have gone differently."After Ellsbury connected in the third, Boston made it 2-0 in the fourth when Reddick singled, took third on a double by Carl Crawford and scored on a groundout by Jason Varitek.Arrieta allowed three runs and nine hits in seven innings, matching his longest outing of the season. He's 0-3 in his last four starts.The game's final run came in the eighth when Mark Hendrickson walked Crawford with the bases loaded.Boston's Dustin Pedroia beat out a slow roller to third base in the fifth inning to extend his hitting streak to 18 games, a career high. He has reached base in 30 straight games, also a career high.Pedroia's lone hit Tuesday night came in identical fashion.NOTES: Temperature at game time was 95 degrees. ... Red Sox DH David Ortiz and Orioles closer Kevin Gregg completed their three-game suspension for their part in a bench-clearing melee in Boston on July 8. ... Ellsbury has seven career homers against Baltimore, five at Camden Yards. He has seven homers in July, a career high for one month. ... After allowing three runs without getting an out against Boston on Monday, Mark Worrell inherited a bases-loaded jam from Hendrickson and struck out Marco Scutaro and Varitek before retiring Yamaico Navarro on a fly ball. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Tim Kurkjian thinks the Orioles should trade Jeremy GuthrieJuly 20, 2011|By Matt VenselJeremy Guthrie no doubt impressed enemy scouts during Tuesday night's win over the Red Sox. The Orioles' top starter allowed two earned runs in seven innings of work, picking up (sadly) his fourth win of 2011 and improving his ERA to 4.35. Some contending teams are interested in acquiring Guthrie, whom Dan Connolly of The Baltimore Sun believes is "someone the Orioles likely would deal this month for the right offer."Does ESPN baseball insider Tim Kurkjian think the Orioles should deal the 32-year-old right-hander?“I think they should,” Kurkjian said Wednesday on “Vinny and Kenny” on 105.7 The Fan. “He’s certainly better than a 4-13 pitcher. He’s got very good stuff. I think he could help a contender with a change of scenery. And even though there is a question out there whether he pitches just well enough to lose, I think he could help somebody and I think it would help the Orioles to move him along and get something decent in return.“Now if they can’t, then they shouldn’t move him. You can’t trade somebody who throws 95 miles per hour with great movement if you’re not going to get something for him, so I’m assuming they [will make sure they get fair value]. And they have to revamp that pitching staff, period, so maybe this is a good start. … If they get something decent -- and I mean decent -- for Jeremy Guthrie, I think they will and should trade him.” var adSkipCounter = 0; Kurkjian doesn’t think the Orioles will get a haul for Guthrie, who is as a mentor to youngsters in the team’s revolving rotation, but said they could garner a respectable prospect at the July 31 deadline.“He’s better than a lot of third, fourth or fifth starters out there, even on contenders, that’s how good his stuff is,” said Kurkjian, who used to cover the Orioles for The Baltimore Sun. “On a better team, in a bigger ballpark, he might be an effective pitcher for somebody.”[Via 105.7 The Fan]     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Pitcher Jim Johnson is Orioles' renaissance manHe flies under radar while leading in clubhouse, excelling on field and pursuing college degreeJuly 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunAbout two weeks after his 2010 season ended, Jim Johnson walked into a classroom at the State College of Florida-Bradenton campus, settled his 6-foot-5, 230-pound frame behind a table, and put his right arm through an entirely different test.For about two hours, Johnson, wearing a T-shirt, shorts and flip flops, took an exam to complete a written communications course. First, he answered questions, then he penned a short essay.The presence of a major league pitcher in the room couldn't have mattered less. On this day, Johnson was just like any other student — albeit a 28-year-old one — working toward a college degree. var adSkipCounter = 0; "I am a little bit older than the normal demographic of that place, so it probably looks a little weird when I'm walking on campus," Johnson said. "But they don't know who I am."Nor do Johnson's Sarasota, Fla., neighbors, who know him as a husband and father of a 23-month-old girl but have no idea what he does for a living. Nor do many of the people Johnson comes in contact with around his in-season home in Canton, where he dines and walks around unrecognized just a couple of miles away from the stadium he has pitched in for the past four seasons.Only Brian Roberts and Nick Markakis have been Orioles longer than Johnson, but while their names and numbers adorn jerseys and T-shirts throughout the stands at Camden Yards, Johnson remains a relatively anonymous member of the ballclub. That is despite Johnson's being one of the team's best pitchers and a possible solution to its starting rotation woes."I like everything about him. What's not to like?" said Orioles manager Buck Showalter, who acknowledged Wednesday that there is a strong possibly that Johnson, a starter coming up through the minors, will join the rotation by season's end. "Jimmy never trumpets the things that he's doing or his accomplishments. He just does them because they are right. He's not a guy that needs all the recognition. What he needs is the respect of his teammates. He's a baseball player that just happens to be a pitcher, and that's a great compliment. He's a piece of what we're trying to do here."He also is one of the Orioles' most interesting characters, a fact obscured by his omnipresent game face, gruff exterior and edgy personality, which can challenge teammates and reporters alike.Before signing with the Orioles, eschewing a scholarship to Georgia Tech and shelving his desire to be an architect or engineer, Johnson was a volunteer fire fighter and a handyman's assistant. Now, he balances his baseball career with being a student, a young father, the organizer of an annual charity golf tournament and a burgeoning contractor who remodeled his own home."He gets his hands into a little bit of everything," said Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, who also lives year-round in Sarasota and spends time with Johnson off the field. "If something needs to be built, he's going to try and find a way to build it. Once he gets his mind set on something, he's going to get it done. He's going to try and become as much of an expert as he can in every situation."'Wake-up call'Johnson is 5-3 with a 2.64 ERA in 43 appearances this year, and his 58 innings are 52/3 more than any other reliever in the American League had pitched entering Thursday. It has been a nice follow-up to a 2010 season that was challenging for him in between the lines but rewarding outside them.The big right-hander struggled early, was sent to the minor leagues for the first time since April 2008, then missed more than three months with damage in his right elbow. Admittedly not great with free time, Johnson put his energy toward rehabilitating, spending time with his wife, Elizabeth, and their daughter, Abigail, organizing his golf tournament and going back to school."I think it was a wake-up call for him, very honestly," said Gini Johnson, the pitcher's mother. "I think it really made him think about, 'OK, I'm 26 years old, and what would I do if my playing days are over?' It really put a seed in his mind, and it was like: 'You got some time. Let's do it.'"He was always a good student, so much so that when Orioles scout Jim Howard dropped by the Johnson family's upstate New York home after the club drafted him in the fifth round in 2001 out of Union-Endicott High, it was a courtesy visit more than anything. Howard figured there was no way Johnson would sign. To Howard's surprise, Johnson did, keeping his word.Even in choosing pro baseball over college, Johnson decided he would eventually get his degree. That plan was further ingrained during countless talks with veteran teammates who had expressed regrets that they didn't do the same.Johnson started with two classes last fall through the State College of Florida, then took two more during the winter. He plans to complete his liberal arts classes, then transfer his credits to South Florida. He's not sure what he wants to major in, though he has always been interested in engineering and architecture.1 | 2 | 3 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 3 of 3)Pitcher Jim Johnson is Orioles' renaissance manHe flies under radar while leading in clubhouse, excelling on field and pursuing college degreeJuly 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore Sun"Things that work for me don't necessarily work for other people. Everybody has their own way of doing things, and if you are good at doing what you do and it works for you, then by all means, go do it. It's not easy to get to this level, and some people take it for granted. There's a couple of people that I've talked to a little bit about it, about how you're not given everything, and you have to earn everything. Some people listen, and some don't. You can only help the people that want to be helped."Johnson has become close with first-year Orioles reliever Kevin Gregg. During games, they sit next to each other in the bullpen and talk about situations and how to approach different hitters. Gregg said other relievers chide Johnson for being grouchy, but everybody respects the way he goes about his business and the arsenal he takes to the mound."We get on him about being 'Angry Jim,' but there is a reason for that. Part of that is what makes him so good," Gregg said. "He truly believes in himself and his ability, and he's willing to learn. That's the best combination you can have. He's turning into a guy who can be a mainstay. Guys who stay in this game don't make excuses. They are not scared of confrontation with a teammate, in a good way. He's learning those things. He's trying to better those around him and, at the same time, better himself." var adSkipCounter = 0; Johnson's competitiveness and three quality pitches have spurred support for his returning to a starting role. Johnson stays out of the debate even though it appears he'll get his wish.In one of his rare moments of introspection, Johnson acknowledged he's far better equipped for such an assignment than he was in 2006, when he allowed eight earned runs in three innings in his big league debut.So much has changed since for the organization's third-longest-tenured player, who remains a relative mystery in his adopted city, and that's just fine by him."It doesn't matter if I get recognition or not because I enjoy what I'm doing, and that's all that really matters," Johnson said. "You look back a couple of years, and I was nowhere near ready for the big leagues. I'm not the same pitcher I was. I've learned a lot, and I'm glad the Orioles have been patient. I'm hoping that they are glad that they stuck with me, too."Notes: Lefty Brian Matusz allowed eight runs (seven earned) on eight hits and three walks in 32/3 innings in his start for Triple-A Norfolk against Toledo. … Righty Chorye Spoone, designated for assignment this week, cleared waivers and was outrighted to Bowie. … The start time of the Orioles' Sept. 1 game against the Toronto Blue Jays at Camden Yards has been moved from 7:05 p.m. to 12:35 p.m.jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.comtwitter.com/jeffzrebiecsunOrioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball appPrev | 1 | 2 | 3     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Jacqueline Jenkins-Nye, 79, World War II code breakerFather accused of slaying daughter Girl, 2, shot in headBush signs North American trade pact Clinton says he won't renegotiateRiggins gets life for killing wifeThe Eastern EarpsHere are seven of the basic rules for getting your ducts in a row 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles notebook: Closer Gregg felt 'helpless' during suspensionJuly 22, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunOrioles closer Kevin Gregg finished serving his three-game suspension for his part in the benches-clearing incident July 8 in Boston and was back in uniform Friday. He said he watched all three games earlier this week from his couch."You feel helpless. I watched every inning, every pitch," Gregg said. "You take it in from a different perspective, I guess."Gregg didn't leave for suspension on a good note. He entered with a four-run lead in a non-save situation Saturday against the Cleveland Indians and allowed three runs on three walks and a double while retiring just two batters. He had to be pulled, and Michael Gonzalez picked up the one-out save. Gregg said his performance did not eat at him while he was serving the suspension. var adSkipCounter = 0; "I guess if I was a younger player you might be worried about it. But it happens," Gregg said. "I guess it would be different if I were hit all over the yard. They only scored because I gave them walks. I was a little too excited that day. We hadn't had a whole lot of wins … and I guess I was trying a little too hard."Gregg said he threw one simulated game while he was suspended and worked on some mechanical things that he may not have been able to refine if he had to pitch that night.Showalter not too concerned about MatuszOrioles manager Buck Showalter said he wasn't too concerned about Brian Matusz's rough line on Thursday, when he allowed eight hits, three walks and seven earned runs for Triple-A Norfolk. There were some mitigating factors that led to the disastrous line, Showalter said."I think he had a 1-2-3 first inning, and they had some defensive challenges, and the guy that came in behind him gave up some of the runs, too," Showalter said. "Statistically it doesn't read real well, but it kind of is what it is."Matusz, who was demoted at the end of June with an 8.77 ERA, seemed to be pitching better of late in the minors. So Showalter isn't writing off the left-hander off Thursday."It wasn't what Brian is capable of. It looked like the arrow was pointing up a little bit each outing and that one was a setback for him," Showalter said. "But nothing he can't get back on his feet with, real quickly."Around the hornTemperature at first pitch Friday night was 104 degrees. That was the second highest temperature in the last 15 years at Camden Yards. The hottest was 105 degrees on July 6, 1999 against Toronto. … INF Cesar Izturis (right elbow surgery) played five innings at second base for the Gulf Coast League Orioles on Friday and went 0-for-2 with a strikeout. He is expected to play Saturday and Sunday in Bowie and, if all goes well, could return to the Orioles on Tuesday. … 2B Brian Roberts (concussion) suffered another migraine today and did not do any baseball activities. … To make room for Luke Scott on the roster, the Orioles demoted outfielder Matt Angle to Triple-A Norfolk. Angle was hitless in seven at-bats, but Showalter liked what he saw defensively and said "I think you'll see him again." … Nothing is set on when LHP Michael Gonzalez will begin serving his three-game suspension. A hearing likely would occur when the club is in New York at the end of the month, but Gonzalez could decide to drop it and begin serving before that. … LHP Zach Britton is still on schedule to pitch roughly five innings July 25 for Bowie and then likely will return to the majors for a July 30 a doubleheader in New York.dan.connolly@baltsun.com     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */New Hall of Famers Alomar, Gillick recall Orioles' brighter daysFormer second baseman, ex-GM — set to be inducted — were big parts of O's last playoff teamsJuly 23, 2011|By Chris Branch, The Baltimore SunThe names Roberto Alomar and Pat Gillick conjure memories of the last good days the Orioles have had, days when the playoffs were not foreign, mysterious territory.As the former Orioles second baseman and the club's ex-general manager prepare to be enshrined in the Hall of Fame on Sunday, they looked back fondly on their days in Baltimore and offered perspective on the state of the franchise.Alomar, an Oriole from 1996 to 1998, was an All-Star in all three seasons. He helped lead the team to the playoffs in 1996 and 1997, the Orioles losing in the American League Championship Series both years. var adSkipCounter = 0; "I have great, great memories with the Baltimore Orioles," Alomar said this month in a conference call. "I had a lot of fun there. … Baltimore, the organization and the fans, they were good to me, and I appreciate every moment of it."Alomar's best season in Baltimore was his first, when he hit .328 with 22 home runs and 94 RBIs. He won Gold Glove and Silver Slugger awards as the Orioles went 88-74 in the regular season and defeated the Indians in the AL Division series before falling to the Yankees, 4-1.Alomar, who also played for the Padres, Blue Jays, Indians, Mets, White Sox and Diamondbacks, said one of the biggest highlights of his time as an Oriole was playing next to Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr."I played with great ballplayers and had the experience to play with one of the best shortstops that is in the big leagues at the time when I was playing the game," Alomar said.Gillick, who brought Alomar to Baltimore as a free agent, has spent nearly 50 years in baseball front offices, serving as a general manager for four teams over 27 years.Like Alomar, Gillick was with the Orioles from 1996 to 1998. In addition to the playoff trips in 1996 and 1997 and his signing Alomar, notable events during Gillick's Orioles tenure include his bringing Eddie Murray back to Baltimore in 1996 via trade and selecting Jayson Werth, now with the Nationals, in the first round of the 1997 amateur draft.Gillick said it has been tough watching the Orioles, who haven't made the postseason since his departure, lose year after year."It's painful," Gillick said on a conference call this month. "It's very painful."Gillick, now a senior adviser in the Phillies' front office, sympathizes with Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail's struggles in Baltimore."I really admire him for the way he's gone about it," said Gillick, who singled out right fielder Nick Markakis and second baseman Brian Roberts as key components of the Orioles' roster. "I think he's headed in the right direction, but again, [rebuilding] can be painful and it can be a long, drawn-out process."Despite a .300 career batting average, 2,724 hits, 474 stolen bases, 10 Gold Gloves and 12 selections to the All-Star Game, Alomar narrowly missed being elected to the Hall of Fame last year, the first time he was eligible.Some have speculated that — in addition to allegations from several women that Alomar had unprotected sex with them while being HIV positive, which he has denied — an on-field incident during the second baseman's first year with the Orioles contributed to his being passed over for the Hall.On Sept. 27, 1996, Alomar, while arguing a called third strike, spit in the face of umpire John Hirschbeck. He said Hirschbeck had used a profane insult toward him.Asked about the incident, Alomar said the two have put it in the past and Hirschbeck called him last year and expressed hope that it wasn't the reason for Alomar's exclusion."Me and John, we have a great relationship," Alomar said. "And when I got in this year, he was one of the happiest [people] alive. He left me a message on my phone. I still have the message. And it was a great message, and he said we both move on and hopefully people can move on and let this episode go."Gillick and Alomar share a long history. After Alomar spent his first three seasons in San Diego, Gillick, then-Blue Jays general manager, traded for him. When Gillick left Toronto for Baltimore, Alomar wasn't far behind."He was a big influence on my career and personwise," Alomar said. "He was not only a good general manager, but he is also a great person. It was an honor [to be on the same team] with him."xcxcbranch@baltsun.comtwitter.com/cbranch89     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 10, Mariners 3                                                             Wins and Answers Out of Reach for Mariners  By BEN SHPIGELJULY 25, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        The expansion Mariners pulled on their trident caps in 1977, and the logo choice might have angered Poseidon: fourteen consecutive losing seasons followed. They once employed a player whose surname came to epitomize offensive futility. Only one of the 28 cities that currently boast major league teams has never hosted a World Series game. That would be Seattle, and there seems a better chance of Starbucks banning coffee than that streak ending this October.That is because the Mariners have lost 16 straight games, a stretch of unprecedented misery that began innocuously enough, on a Wednesday afternoon at the Athletics — in Oakland, not Kansas City. It stalked the Mariners to Anaheim, lingered during the All-Star break, continued back at Safeco Field, cleared customs in Toronto and engulfed them over the weekend in Boston, where on Sunday they broke the franchise record. The Mariners’ reward was a series in Yankee Stadium, where showers delayed the start of Monday’s game by nearly two hours but did not prevent another sickening defeat, this one by 10-3 to the Yankees. Skies cleared in time for a 9:02 p.m. first pitch, quashing any hopes for a three-day monsoon.“It’s not a place you want to come into having lost, I don’t even know — what is it, 15?” infielder Adam Kennedy said before the game. “It just doesn’t get any easier.”It did not Monday, when Freddy Garcia worked seven and two-thirds innings, Mark Teixeira crushed a second-deck home run to left field, and a throw home by Seattle second baseman Dustin Ackley struck Derek Jeter’s bat, left in front of the plate. Of course it did. Photo       Seattle's Jason Vargas gave up eight runs, four of them earned, before leaving Monday night's game after the fourth inning.  Credit             Jim Mcisaac/Getty Images           Eventually, this will get easier, though perhaps not Tuesday, when C. C. Sabathia is scheduled to pitch. And eventually, the Mariners will win. (They will, right?) But until they do, they will evoke some of the modern era’s worst teams — like the 1988 Baltimore Orioles, who set the American League record by losing 21 in a row, or the 2005 Royals, who dropped 19 straight. That particular comparison is perhaps a bit unfair. That Kansas City team was already 25 games under .500, at 38-63, when its downward spiral began. These Mariners, after beating Oakland on July 5, were 43-43 and a surprise contender in the A.L. West, sitting two and a half games behind Texas and the Angels for the division lead. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “I don’t think that we were probably as good as we were back then,” the first-year manager Eric Wedge said. “And we’re definitely not as bad as we are right now.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  As Wedge spoke in his office Monday afternoon, the television showed an episode of “Law & Order: SVU.” The Mariners’ play recently has been just as gruesome, but bereft of suspense. In the streak’s first nine losses, they scored a total of 11 runs, failing to hit a home run. In their last seven, they scored 32 but allowed 56. Their team batting average during their losing streak is .227, and four regulars (Jack Cust, Justin Smoak, Adam Kennedy and Chone Figgins) entered Monday batting under the Mendoza line over this time — or, perhaps more fittingly, the Figgins line, which he has set at .182.Their All-Star closer, Brandon League, has pitched twice, both times trailing by at least four runs. Their pitching staff, which began Monday with the fourth-best earned run average (3.53) in the A.L., has a 5.97 E.R.A. during this streak, better than only Baltimore, another woeful team in last place. Their right-handed phenom, Michael Pineda, was shelled for seven runs in four and a third innings Sunday, his third poor outing in a row, and the Mariners believe he might have been tipping his pitches. Photo       Mike Carp and the Seattle Mariners brought a franchise-worst losing streak to the Bronx on Monday.  Credit             Jim Rogash/Getty Images           “I’ve never seen anything like it,” Smoak, the first baseman, said.Not in checkers. Not in table tennis. Not in Yahtzee, polo or competitive basket-weaving, either. To change their mojo, Wedge has tried conventional methods. He has called team meetings. He has juggled lineups — 16 times, 16 losses. He has encouraged and cajoled, exhorted and rebuked. When all that failed, he opted for superstition, shaving his handlebar mustache after Saturday’s game to get a reaction from his players. They noticed, though Ackley still wore his navy blue “Fear the Mustache” T-shirt around the clubhouse Monday.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Pretty drastic,” Kennedy said of Wedge.Said Wedge: “I’ve got a few things left yet, I guess, but we pulled most of it out. You don’t wait 15 games to start doing things.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Every player interviewed Monday agreed with Wedge that the demeanor around the team has not changed, that they do not feel sorry for themselves. They have done their best to stay upbeat — “given the circumstances,” Kennedy said — despite flushing away what had been a promising three months with three weeks of misfortune. When the Mariners last played at home, their skid stood at nine games. It could be at 18 by the time they return Friday, for a six-game homestand against Tampa Bay and Oakland.“It is a little frustrating because I think they were starting to come back to us a little bit, as opposed to the last couple years being rough for them,” Kennedy said of the fans. “I think we were starting to win them back and get their support, but it’s disappointing when you start getting that momentum with the fans and then lose it.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  To regain that support, the Mariners have to win. They want to remember what that feels like again.“Just play one day at a time,” left fielder Mike Carp said. “If we win, we win. If we lose, we lose. Unfortunately, we’ve been losing.”  A version of this article appears in print on July 26, 2011, on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: Wins and Answers Out of Reach for Mariners.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Joe Mauer, Twins’ Hometown Hero, Faces Criticism JULY 25, 2011                       
6  I know that many of you are regular readers of FanGraphs, so you might have already seen the news that Dave Cameron has been diagnosed with Acute Myeloid Leukemia. I've never had the pleasure of meeting Dave in person, but he's an outstanding writer both at FanGraphs and on U.S.S. Mariner, and it was particularly shocking news to read this morning. Dave wrote about his diagnosis and the upcoming treatment on FanGraphs, and even that scary announcement was written with the eloquence we've come to know from him. He's suggested that if you can, go donate blood or platelets to the Red Cross, as supplies are critically low. Craig Robinson of Flip Flop Fly Ball wrote an article on Baseball Nation a few weeks ago about the Country of Baseball that exists on the Internet thanks to the network of baseball blogs and the community of Twitter, and he's right. I know a hundred baseball guys that I've never met, and Dave is one of them. He's one of our own, and that makes the news a bit more sobering than it might be otherwise. We spend a lot of time complaining about the Orioles (and rightly so) and investing more time and emotion into them than they deserve, but then something like this happens and it makes me realize how well things are going for me when the thing that often bothers me the most is a crappy baseball team. Everyone should have such problems.    My thoughts are with Dave and his family as they go through this difficult time. And for goodness sake, Mariners, win a game for the guy why don't you.  
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Notebook: Guerrero off DL, looking to kick-start his seasonDespite rough outing with Bowie, Britton still slated to start second game of Saturday's doubleheader vs. YankeesGonzalez begins suspensionJuly 26, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunTORONTO — Vladimir Guerrero's career low in home runs in a season in which he has played 90 games or more is 11, and that came all the way back in 1997, his rookie year with the Montreal Expos.That same season, he drove in 40 runs, which also stands as a career low.Guerrero, who was activated from the disabled list today, has a little more than two months to eclipse those marks in what has been arguably been the most worst season of his likely Hall of Fame career."I feel good and my hand is much better," said Guerrero, who missed 10 games with a cracked bone in his right hand suffered when he was hit by a pitch from Boston Red Sox rookie Kyle Weiland on July 10. "We still have two months left, and I feel good." var adSkipCounter = 0; Guerrero declared himself ready after one rehab game for Double-A Bowie in which he went 1-for-4 with a single and a run scored.Guerrero, 36, entered Tuesday's series opener against the Toronto Blue Jays with a .279 average, seven homers and 31 RBIs in 83 games. Those numbers didn't stop manager Buck Showalter from penciling in Guerrero back in the cleanup spot and predicting a big final two months."I hope this kind of freshened him up a little bit," Showalter said. "I hope he can get back to being the Vladimir that he's capable of being. We could certainly use him. I think we all respect his pedigree and his track record. One thing that he definitely has is a lot of pride in what he does. I'd be surprised if he doesn't finish strong here."Britton remains scheduled for SaturdayDespite Zach Britton's getting knocked around by Double-A Harrisburg for eight runs (four earned) and eight hits in 42/3 innings Monday, Showalter said he got positive reports from the outing and the plan remains for the left-hander to start the nightcap of Saturday's doubleheader against theNew YorkYankees.In three starts since he was optioned to Double-A Bowie, Britton is 0-2 with a 5.40 ERA. On Monday, Britton retired 12 of the first 13 Harrisburg hitters that he faced, eight on strikeouts. However, after getting the first out of the fifth inning, nine of the next 10 batters reached base off Britton. That included two fifth-inning doubles by phenom Bryce Harper and back-to-back homers by Bill Rhinehart and Tyler Moore."He was actually good," Showalter said. "I talked to a number of people and [Orioles pitching coach Rick Adair] talked to him, too. It's probably the best that he's thrown in a long time, the first four innings. Probably, only two of those runs should have scored. He struck out nine and he was very effective. He got in two or three defensive situations and he had a real long inning, and they thought it best to get him out. That was encouraging."Because the Orioles have been going with a four-man rotation, they'll also need a starter for the first game of Saturday's doubleheader in New York. Showalter said they'll either promote a minor leaguer or use somebody out of the bullpen. One candidate is Triple-A Norfolk right-hander Chris Tillman, who would be on regular rest Saturday.Tillman is 3-3 with a 4.17 ERA in 10 outings for the Tides after going 2-3 with a 4.69 ERA in 10 starts for the Orioles earlier this season."He's an option," Showalter said of Tillman. "So is Oliver Drake. So is [Dylan] Bundy and if we don't get him signed, we might take his brother [Bobby]."Gonzalez starts suspensionWith it clear that his suspension was not going to be reduced, Orioles left-handed reliever Michael Gonzalez dropped his appeal and started serving his three-game ban in Tuesday's series opener against the Blue Jays.Gonzalez was suspended for three games for throwing behind Boston Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz on July 10, the final game in a series that featured eight ejections and a bench-clearing brawl."I just wanted to go ahead and get it over with," Gonzalez said when asked why he dropped the appeal. "They pretty much said that they weren't going to change anything about it and they stood their ground. I understand, so I figured I should just get it over with now."Around the hornTo make room for Guerrero on the 25-man roster, the Orioles optioned reliever Mark Worrell to Triple-A Norfolk. Worrell had a 36.00 ERA, allowing eight runs on six hits, two homers and two walks in four appearances spanning two innings … Infielder Cesar Izturis (right elbow surgery) played his fourth game tonight for Double-A Bowie, and his rehab assignment will likely continue until at least the end of the week. "You try to keep in mind, it's been a long time since this guy has played in a baseball game," Showalter said. "He was going to play second [Monday] night, and his knee was a little sore. That's not something that is going to happen overnight. I think he knows that he's really rusty and he's not where he needs to be yet." … Outfielder/designated hitter Luke Scott had surgery this morning to repair a torn right labrum.jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.comtwitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Mariners 9, Yankees 2                                                             With 17 Hits, Mariners End 17-Game Skid  By SAM BORDENJULY 27, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Ichiro Suzuki had four hits for the Mariners on Wednesday.  Credit             Jason Szenes for The New York Times            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  The Seattle Mariners tried everything over the past three weeks, shuffling lineups and altering warm-up routines and even shaving mustaches, in an attempt to break their franchise-worst run of 17 consecutive defeats. Nothing worked.On Wednesday afternoon, the Mariners finally ended the streak, and no gimmicks or magic potions were involved. Rather, their long-sought victory came from a familiar baseball recipe: an offensive explosion mixed with a stalwart performance from their ace starting pitcher.Yankees Manager Joe Girardi had talked all series about how the Mariners were still dangerous, and Wednesday his words were proved true. Ichiro Suzuki went 4 for 5 and the Mariners pounded 17 hits to back Felix Hernandez, the reigning American League Cy Young Award winner, who pitched seven strong innings in a 9-2 Mariners victory.For the Yankees, it was just their fourth loss in the past 12 games; for the Mariners, it was their first win in 21 days. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “When you’ve got a monkey on your back that size,” Seattle Manager Eric Wedge said, “it’s damn hard to get off.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hernandez was not nearly as dominating as C. C. Sabathia was Tuesday night, but he kept the Yankees from taking advantage of their few scoring chances.Hernandez, who has won his last five decisions against the Yankees, allowed five hits and walked four, but left the game having only given up a single run on a sacrifice fly by Derek Jeter in the fifth inning.The Mariners, on the other hand, capitalized on the openings provided by the Yankees, scoring two runs off starter Phil Hughes before breaking the game open against the bullpen. The biggest blow was a seventh-inning, three-run triple by Mike Carp, who lashed a pitch from the left-hander Boone Logan to deep center field that glanced off the tip of Curtis Granderson’s outstretched glove.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  At first glance, it appeared Granderson hesitated in his pursuit of Carp’s fly ball, but Granderson said afterward that the ball was simply hit too far.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  There was no reasonable explanation for what had happened three batters earlier, however, when Robinson Cano eschewed an easy out on Dustin Ackley’s soft ground ball and instead executed a late flip to Jeter at second base in an attempt at what would have been a very unlikely double play.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  When the toss fell and a run scored, the Mariners had runners at first and second and a two-run lead. Justin Smoak then worked a walk off Logan and Carp crushed his triple two batters later, stretching a two-run Mariners lead to five.“We gave them too many outs that inning,” Girardi said. “That was the difference in the ballgame. It really changed the complexion of the game.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Girardi added, in reference to Cano, “Robbie’s very talented and there are some special things he can do, but you probably need to get one out there.”Because of the Yankees’ fielding mishaps (Granderson also lost a ball in the sun that fell for a run-scoring double two innings later), Girardi was quick to exonerate the Yankees’ pitchers after the defeat. In particular, Girardi said, he was pleased with Hughes, whose comeback from a mysterious arm problem has been a lingering story.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  With the nonwaiver trading deadline approaching Sunday, much attention has been paid to the Yankees’ rotation, which is dotted with question marks save for Sabathia.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hughes is one of those enigmas, and while he pitched better Wednesday in allowing two runs and nine hits over six innings, there is no denying that the Yankees’ rotation is a work in progress.The rookie Ivan Nova, who was sent to the minors to make room for Hughes after he returned from the disabled list, is likely to start one of the games in Saturday’s doubleheader against the Baltimore Orioles, and Girardi was coy when asked if there could be a competition between Nova and Hughes.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I’m not going to say that there will be,” Girardi said, “but we want our guys to compete all the time. We want guys to throw the ball well and earn their spots every time.”Hughes, who allowed seven runs in his previous start, seemed unconcerned by that possibility. “That’s how it always is,” he said. “If I go out there every time and am not good, there’s obviously going to be consequences from that, so that’s nothing new.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Certainly it is not as novel as a Mariners win, and so after the matinee, the Yankees scattered quickly, eager to get to the rest and relaxation that will carry them through Thursday’s day off.In the visitors’ clubhouse, the Mariners were more than happy to revel in a victory.“It means everything right now,” Wedge said. “These guys haven’t felt good in a long time.”INSIDE PITCHThe Yankees will activate the right-handed reliever Rafael Soriano from the disabled list before Friday’s game against Baltimore, Joe Girardi said. Soriano will not necessarily return to his eighth-inning setup role, which has been occupied by Dave Robertson. ... Alex Rodriguez, on the disabled list after knee surgery, celebrated his 36th birthday Wednesday, and Girardi said he expected Rodriguez to increase the intensity of his rehabilitation next week at the team’s minor league complex in Tampa, Fla.  A version of this article appears in print on July 28, 2011, on Page B16 of the New York edition with the headline: With 17 Hits, Mariners End 17-Game Skid.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Vladimir Guerrero runs in to score next to Toronto Blue Jays catcher Jose Molina in the third inning of a baseball game Tuesday, July 26, 2011, in Toronto. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Frank Gunn)MoreTORONTO (AP) — A four-homer outburst gave the Baltimore Orioles something they haven't had in years: a winning streak in Toronto.J.J. Hardy homered twice, Derrek Lee and Nolan Reimold also connected and the Orioles beat the Blue Jays 12-4 on Tuesday night.It's the first time since June 6-7, 2008, that the Orioles have won consecutive games in Canada."That was something really special, especially to do that here," right-hander Jake Arrieta said. "Everybody knows we've struggled here at Rogers Centre in the past, we haven't played well in this ballpark."The Orioles had lost 16 straight north of the border before winning here on June 16. Baltimore has lost 25 of their past 29 games at Rogers Centre.It was the first multihomer game of the season for Hardy and the fifth of his career. He went 2 for 5 with four RBIs.Lee went 4 for 5 with five RBIs as Baltimore finished with season highs in runs and extra-base hits (eight)."It was one of those 'not to be denied' nights," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "Hopefully it continues."Baltimore finished with 16 hits, with every member of the starting lineup collecting at least one.Mark Reynolds was the last starter to get a hit, and shared his relief with Hardy after his two-out double in the sixth."I went out and gave him his glove (at the end of the inning) and he goes 'Phew,'" Hardy said. "I go 'What?' He goes 'I was the last one in the lineup to get a hit.' I wouldn't have known that if he didn't say it."Arrieta allowed five runs, four earned, and five hits in five innings to snap a five-start winless streak. Arrieta (10-7) walked two and struck out four to win for the first time since June 20, at Pittsburgh."It's nice to get it out of the way," Arrieta said of reaching 10 wins. "I'd like to pile on quite a few more and see where I finish the year."The last Oriole to record his 10th victory in July was left-hander Erik Bedard, who did it on July 25, 2007.Arrieta left after being hit on the right foot by Edwin Encarnacion's liner in the fifth inning. X-rays were negative.Jose Bautista, who leads the majors with 31 homers, left in the third after he was hit in the helmet by a pitch from Arrieta. He fell to the ground after being hit on the earflap with an 0-2 pitch.Toronto's trainers and manager John Farrell rushed to Bautista's side as he remained on the dirt at home plate. He got to his knees and stayed there for a couple of minutes before walking off without assistance. He was replaced by John McDonald.Bautista said he had no lingering effects and hoped to be in the lineup Wednesday."I'm fine, I'm not hurt," he said. "My head doesn't hurt, I'm not dizzy. I feel perfectly fine."Arrieta called the incident "really scary" and said he asked Toronto's trainers to pass along his wishes to Bautista when he went for his X-rays."I felt terrible right after the fact," Arrieta said. "I was trying to elevate a fastball away and that was one of those pitches that got away from me."I asked (the trainers) to please let Jose know that I was thinking about him and just wanted to know that he was OK," Arrieta said. "Obviously there was zero intent on my part."Toronto's Adam Lind hit a three-run shot, homering against Baltimore for the fifth consecutive game, and Aaron Hill added a solo drive, but it wasn't enough for the Blue Jays.Jason Berken pitched three scoreless innings and Mark Hendrickson finished for the Orioles.The Orioles roughed up Blue Jays right-hander Brandon Morrow (7-5), spoiling his 27th birthday.Morrow came in 2-0 in three career games against Baltimore and 5-0 with a 2.85 ERA in his last seven starts overall, but failed to get out of the fourth. He allowed seven runs, six earned, and nine hits in 3 1-3 innings, walked one and struck out five to lose for the first time since June 11 against Boston."I just wasn't very good tonight," Morrow said. "I was pulling a lot of fastballs to the first-base side of the box. And then if I wasn't throwing my slider in the dirt, then I was spinning it at the top of the hitting zone."Hardy hit a leadoff homer to left in the third and added a two-run drive to left in the fourth, his 15th and 16th homers. He hit a sacrifice fly to the warning track in the fifth.Lee hit a two-run double in the second, added an RBI single in the third and homered off Casey Janssen in the eighth, his 11th.Reimold homered to begin the fourth, his sixth, and added an RBI double in the fifth. Robert Andino doubled home a run for the Orioles.Lind cut Toronto's deficit to 4-3 with a drive to center off Arrieta in the third, his 19th. Baltimore answered with three runs in the fourth before Hill opened the bottom half with a solo shot to left, his fifth.NOTES: Orioles DH Vladimir Guerrero was activated off the 15-day DL after missing 10 games with a broken bone in his right wrist, and RHP Mark Worrell was optioned to Triple-A Norfolk. ... Baltimore LHP Zach Britton will be called up from the minors to start the second game of Saturday's doubleheader at Yankee Stadium. ... Orioles OF Luke Scott had season-ending surgery on his right shoulder Tuesday. ... Lind has homered six times in his past five games against the Orioles. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Video: Orioles speak out against bullying of LGBT youthJuly 27, 2011|By Matt VenselKudos to the Orioles for jumping on board with the It Gets Better Project and the Trevor Project, which bring awareness to the bullying of LGBT youth, by releasing a video featuring Jake Arrieta, Jason Berken, Zach Britton, Kevin Gregg and Michael Gonzalez that encourages victims of bullying to hang in there.“The Orioles are proud to support the It Gets Better Project and the Trevor Project,” Orioles Director of Communications Greg Bader said in a statement. “Bullying of any kind, for any reason, is unacceptable to our organization, and we are pleased to have our players speak out against this behavior in the hope it will provide encouragement to LGBT youth, and all children, who are facing hatred and prejudice.”I’d comment about how bullying in the AL East seems to be acceptable to the Orioles, but now is not the time. var adSkipCounter = 0; The Orioles are one of several Major League Baseball teams that have released videos for the It Gets Better Project and the Trevor Project. That video is below, and you can see more videos at this link.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */O's held to four hits in 3-0 loss to JaysJuly 27, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec | Baltimore Sun reporterBecause of a flurry of trade activity earlier in the day that featured three teams and 11 players changing addresses, the Toronto Blue Jays faced the Orioles Wednesday night with just a 22-man roster and without three regular members of their bullpen. But in reality, the only guy that they really needed was on the mound, and aside from one inning, talented left-hander Ricky Romero didn't give the Orioles much of a chance. A night after their best offensive output of the season, the Orioles were held to just four hits by Romero, who pitched 8 1/3 shutout innings in a 3-0 win over the Orioles in front of an announced 16,861 at Rogers Centre. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "That's baseball," said Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis, trying to explain how a team looks so dangerous offensively one night, and so overmatched the next. "The guy pitched his butt off on the mound. We could have had him early, but we let him off the hook. When you do that against good pitchers and they get in a groove, it's tough to battle back the rest of the game." The Orioles (41-59) did bring the tying run to the plate with one out in the ninth inning, but Blue Jays closer Jon Rauch, who entered after Romero hit Derrek Lee with a pitch, retired Matt Wieters on a first-pitch lineout, and then Mark Reynolds on a flyout to end the game. The Orioles went 0-for-6 with runners in scoring position and stranded seven runners in getting shutout for the fourth time this season, three of them coming over their past 14 games. They've also scored just three runs during Alfredo Simon's past four starts. "I still thought that if it stayed at three, we'd make a run at them," said Orioles manager Buck Showalter. "We brought the tying run to the plate and Mark just missed that last ball. But little things add up." The little things that Showalter spoke of included Simon allowing two more two-out runs over his five uneven innings, the Orioles not scoring despite having men on first and second and nobody out in the second, and Lee failing to score from third on a Romero pitch that got past Blue Jays catcher J.P. Arencibia and went straight to the backstop. Instead of immediately reacting and heading home, Lee got a late break and then froze before returning to third. The run would have tied the game at one in the second inning and certainly made a comeback more plausible with Simon and three relievers (Chris Jakubauskas, Troy Patton and Kevin Gregg) keeping the Orioles' deficit at three runs. "It was a tough read down there, one you'd like to see him make," Showalter said. Losing in Toronto for the 22nd time in the past 25 tries, the Orioles will get one more chance to break a seven-series winless streak and win their first series since June 24-26 in tonight's series finale. By then, the Blue Jays roster will be at full strength. Striking four days before the trade deadline, the Blue Jays acquired talented outfielder Colby Rasmus and three pitchers from the St. Louis Cardinals for starter Edwin Jackson, relievers Octavio Dotel and Marc Rzepczynski, and former Orioles outfielder Corey Patterson. Jackson, the main piece heading to St. Louis, was acquired earlier in the day, along with infielder Mark Teahen, from the Chicago White Sox for reliever Jason Frasor and prospect Zach Stewart. Dotel, Rzepczynski and Frasor were in the bullpen and Patterson started in left field a night earlier when the Orioles tallied season-highs in runs (12) and extra-base hits (eight). The thought process was that if the Orioles could get to Romero early and get into Toronto's depleted bullpen, they would be in great shape. Even with Simon struggling early, allowing RBI singles to Jose Bautista and Eric Thames in the first and second innings and a homer to Arencibia in the fourth, the Orioles still had hope that could happen. But Romero never allowed it to, getting a big double-play ball off the bat of Reynolds with runners on first and second and no outs in the second, and then retiring Blake Davis with runners on the corners and two outs after Lee failed to come home on the ball that got by Arencibia. "He was pretty good," said Davis who was a former roommate and teammate of Romero's at Cal-State Fullerton. "He's coming at you with all his pitches and he battles. That's what he does. He works hard. That's why they're paying him what they're paying him." Romero's pitch count was at 41 after two innings and 56 after three, but he got on a stretch where he retired 12 of the 14 hitters that he faced with the exception of Adam Jones' two-out double in the third and Jones' one-out single in the sixth. Vladimir Guerrero left him stranded both times, first with a groundout to shortstop and then with a double-play ball. Romero, who threw 126 pitches, struck out nine, including five of the final nine hitters that he faced. Four of those strikeouts came against J.J. Hardy, who hit two homers and drove in four the previous night. Romero is 5-1 in his past seven starts against the Orioles. In two starts against them at the Rogers Centre this season, Romero has allowed just one earned run, seven hits and seven walks while striking out 21 over 16 1/3 innings. "He doesn't throw anything straight," Markakis said. "The ball cuts, it sinks. He puts it where he wants it. When you're doing that, you don't really need much off-speed. Even when it seemed to be over the plate, it was either cutting or sinking. Off a guy like that who is throwing 90 to 94, it makes it tough." jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Ricky Romero throws against the Baltimore Orioles during second-inning baseball game action in Toronto on Wednesday, July 27, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Nathan Denette)MoreTORONTO (AP) — With their bullpen thinned by two trades, the Blue Jays were counting on a strong start from Ricky Romero. Toronto's ace didn't disappoint.Romero came within two outs of a complete game to win for the first time in five starts, J.P. Arencibia homered and the Blue Jays beat the Orioles 3-0 on Wednesday night.Toronto manager John Farrell was thankful for Romero's lengthy outing."On a night we needed Ricky to go deep, he certainly did that," Farrell said. "He did an outstanding job tonight. He certainly did more than his job tonight."The Blue Jays had just 22 active players, including six relievers, after making the trades earlier Wednesday. Right-hander Jason Frasor and minor league righty Zach Stewart went to the Chicago White Sox for right-hander Edwin Jackson and utilityman Mark Teahen. Toronto then sent Jackson, outfielder Corey Patterson, right-hander Octavio Dotel and left-hander Marc Rzepczynski to St. Louis for outfielder Colby Rasmus, righty P.J. Walters and left-handers Trever Miller and Brian Tallet.None of the newcomers arrived in time to play, so the Blue Jays recalled lefty Brad Mills from Triple-A Las Vegas to provide depth in the bullpen. Toronto will be at full strength Thursday.Romero (8-9) struck out Adam Jones to begin the ninth but was replaced by Jon Rauch after Vladimir Guerrero reached on a wild third strike and Derrek Lee was hit by a pitch. The left-hander allowed four hits, walked three and struck out nine.Rauch got Matt Wieters and Mark Reynolds to fly out, recording his eighth save in 12 opportunities.Romero said his approach didn't change because of the bullpen absences."My job no matter what is to try and throw a complete game," he said. "No matter whether it's eight guys available or five guys available. Under the circumstances today they definitely needed me and I was happy to come through."Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Romero had plenty in his arsenal to keep hitters guessing."All of his pitches were in the hitter's mindset because he's around the plate with them," Showalter said. "There wasn't one you could box out. A lot of the times with starters, because of command issues on a certain pitch, you can box it out. You couldn't do that tonight."Romero, who threw a season-high 126 pitches, had not won since June 26 at St. Louis, going 0-2 with a 5.87 ERA in four starts. He is 5-1 in his past seven starts against Baltimore, including 4-0 at home.Jones said the Orioles couldn't afford to try and work the count against Romero."He was out there throwing strike one on everybody," Jones said. "It seemed like everybody was 0-1. And when you do that, you've got to swing the bat. He made you swing the bat."Baltimore's best chance came in the second, when Lee drew a leadoff walk and Wieters followed with a single. Reynolds grounded into a double play but Felix Pie walked to put runners on the corners. Romero escaped by retiring his former college roommate at Cal State Fullerton, second baseman Blake Davis."That breaking ball looks like a strike and makes you chase it," Davis said. "He was good."The Orioles scored a season-high 12 runs and had 16 hits Tuesday, including a season-high eight for extra bases. They couldn't get anything going against Romero, who set down 11 of 12 between the second and sixth innings."We let him off the hook," Baltimore's Nick Markakis said. "When you do that against good pitchers and they get in a little groove, it's tough to battle back the rest of the game."Returning to the lineup one night after he was hit on the helmet by a pitch, Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista started at third base and singled home a run in the first. Bautista, who leads the majors with 31 home runs, went hitless in his final three at-bats but made a leaping catch on Davis' liner in the eighth.The Blue Jays made it 2-0 in the second. Rajai Davis hit a one-out single and stole second and third before scoring on a two-out hit by Eric Thames.Arencibia hit a two-out drive to left in the fourth, his 16th.Orioles right-hander Alfredo Simon lost for the third time in four starts since joining the rotation earlier this month. Simon (2-4) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings. He walked two, one intentional, and struck out a season-high seven.Simon has received just three runs of support in his four starts, all of them in a 6-5 win over Cleveland on July 16.Baltimore must win Thursday to avoid losing its eighth straight series. The Orioles have not won a series since taking two of three from Cincinnati from June 24-26.Notes: The Orioles have lost eight of nine on the road. ... The Blue Jays signed RHP Jeremy Gabrszwski, their second-round pick in the June draft. ... Orioles RHP Brad Bergesen (2-6) will face Toronto RHP Carlos Villanueva (5-2) in Thursday's series finale. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Striking Out the Side, and Then Some  By ADAM HIMMELSBACHJULY 29, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Mark Montgomery pitching for Class A Charleston. He has 28 strikeouts in 14 1/3 innings for the RiverDogs and Staten Island.  Credit             Kate Thornton for The New York Times            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  Ron Montgomery leaned close to his computer in Williamsburg, Va., on July 1 as a radio play-by-play man 600 miles away described the most unforgettable inning of his son’s life.Mark Montgomery, a 5-foot-11 right-hander who was drafted in the 11th round by the Yankees less than a month earlier, was on the mound to finish the Class A Charleston (S.C.) RiverDogs’ road game against the Rome (Ga.) Braves. And he was about to register a five-strikeout ninth inning.“I wasn’t really keeping count,” Mark Montgomery said. “But I knew it was unusual.”Montgomery, 20, had been called up from the Staten Island Yankees the previous day after striking out the side in three consecutive appearances in the New York-Penn League. Now, for the first time in a long time, he was nervous. The first batter tripled and the next one singled, slicing Charleston’s lead to 10-8.Montgomery then used his fastball and slider to register two strikeouts. The next batter struck out swinging, and back in Williamsburg, Ron Montgomery exhaled. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Except the inning was not over. The ball had skipped off the dirt and caromed to the backstop, allowing the batter to reach base. The next batter also flailed at Montgomery’s dazzling slider and struck out. But once again the ball danced past the Yankees’ 18-year-old catcher, Gary Sanchez. The bases were loaded.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Ron Montgomery, who is the chief deputy of a sheriff’s office in Virginia, wanted to reach through his computer and tell his son to relax, to slow down, to continue to throw his pitch.“All those things I’d say when I coached him growing up, calling his pitches,” he said. “When I was at those games, it didn’t affect me. It’s harder when you’re not there.”Mark Montgomery settled in and froze left-fielder Robby Hefflinger with a called third strike. This time, Sanchez caught the ball and Montgomery had his fifth strikeout of the inning, an accomplishment that tests the boundaries of baseball.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  There has never been a five-strikeout inning in a major league game. Montgomery became the first South Atlantic League player to have one since Jason Lakman of the Hickory Crawdads in 1997. Lakman pitched 10 years in the minors and never reached the major leagues.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Aside from his one splendid inning, Lakman’s strikeout totals were never as startling as Montgomery’s. Montgomery has 28 strikeouts in 141/3 innings for Staten Island and Charleston. His rate of 17.6 strikeouts per nine innings is the highest of any player — from Class A to the majors — who has pitched at least five innings this year.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  His fastball can touch 95 miles an hour, his slider is clearly puzzling, and opponents are batting just .207 against him. He has converted all eight of his save chances and has a 1.88 earned run average, but he is only in Class A, after all, and is not close to becoming the Yankees’ successor to Mariano Rivera. And in the minor leagues, potential is defeated by reality more often than not. Photo       Mark Montgomery did in the minor leagues what no pitcher has ever done in the major leagues: strike out five batters in one inning.  Credit             Kate Thornton for The New York Times           There is something tantalizing, nevertheless, about a pitcher who can strike out five batters in one inning.“He goes after guys and basically thinks no one can hit him,” the RiverDogs’ pitching coach, Carlos Chantres, said. “He’s got this slider I haven’t seen in a while from a 20-year-old kid.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Montgomery started pitching in Little League when he was 9. There was a three-inning limit, and he routinely struck out all nine batters he faced. When he became stronger, his father wore full catcher’s gear during backyard throwing sessions. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Most often, Mark Montgomery pretended to be Rivera. He admired his toughness, his composure and his cut fastball, which could make bats snap like toothpicks.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Although Ron Montgomery was impressed by his son’s ability, major Division I baseball programs were not.“He was one of those guys who fell into the median,” said Chris Pinder, Montgomery’s former travel team coach, who spent several years pitching in the farm systems of the Baltimore Orioles and the Cleveland Indians. “A lot of coaches said, ‘He’s 5-11.’ ”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Longwood University recruited Montgomery as a shortstop, but Coach Buddy Bolding was aware of his right arm. As a sophomore he developed his slider and registered 45 strikeouts in 35 innings with a 3.09 earned run average.Last summer, Montgomery pitched for Edenton, N.C., in the Coastal Plain League, a high-level college summer bracket, and struck out 54 in 28 innings. As a junior closer for Longwood this year, he allowed opponents to hit only .120 and had a 0.89 earned run average with 48 strikeouts in 301/3 innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “The boy is suited for this,” Bolding said. “He has that warrior mentality, and he has it in spades.”Closers often march to their own beat, and Montgomery is no exception.He usually downs a five-hour energy drink in the seventh inning of games so he is “amped up” for the ninth. He is a gym rat, preferring 24-hour facilities for occasional 1 a.m. workouts.And he loves strikeouts. He really loves strikeouts. He remembers most of them, the pitches he used, the counts he worked, the jams he escaped. And just over one month into his professional career, he has already pitched an inning he will never forget.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “When he got ahead, he used that slider, which is really good,” Chantres said. “Most of the kids at this level haven’t seen something like that, and he put them away.”  A version of this article appears in print on July 30, 2011, on Page D3 of the New York edition with the headline: Striking Out the Side ... And Then Some.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Nova Is Set to Return to the Yankees’ Rotation, for a Day at Least  By DAVE CALDWELLJULY 29, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Manager Joe Girardi needed a little prodding Friday before announcing that Ivan Nova would start the second game of a day-night doubleheader Saturday against the Baltimore Orioles at Yankee Stadium. Exactly what happens to Nova after that will be determined once he pitches.Nova made 16 starts for the Yankees this season, compiling an 8-4 record and a 4.14 earned run average, before he was sent — much to his displeasure — to Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on July 3. Phil Hughes was ready to return, and someone in the rotation had to go.“The guy we brought back into the rotation won 18 games last year,” Girardi said, referring to Hughes. “There are not that many people who do that every year. We also thought there were some things Nova could work on.”Nova, 24, pitched only 16 innings in three games in Class AAA, compiling a 1-2 record and a 3.38 E.R.A. Nova struck out 18 batters while walking only two. He also overcame an injury sustained in his first start for Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Nova was hit in his ankle by a line drive July 7. He said he felt some pain in the ankle during his most recent start on July 19, but tests were negative. He still was the most obvious candidate to start for the Yankees in one of the two games Saturday.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He’s scheduled to pitch unless something changes,” Girardi said.Then Girardi said, “You will see Nova tomorrow unless something freaky happens.”He elaborated by adding, “His ankle’s been fine, but I’ve seen guys trip over baseballs.”The Yankees still have no spot in their rotation for Nova. Bartolo Colon, the starter in the first game Saturday, ended a personal three-game losing streak on Sunday by allowing two runs in seven innings in a 7-5 victory over the Oakland Athletics. Photo       Ivan Nova made 16 starts for the Yankees before he was returned to Class AAA.  Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times           Hughes has a 1-2 record and a 5.48 E.R.A. since returning, but Girardi steered wide of answering a question about Nova’s future. He would not say if Nova would remain with the team.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I can’t give you that answer,” Girardi said. “All I know is that his plans are for him to pitch the second game, and we’ll evaluate it then.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Of Nova’s 27 major league appearances, 23 have been starts, so he does not have much experience coming out of the bullpen. Plus, the Yankees on Friday activated Rafael Soriano, who has been on the disabled list since May 14. Reliever Steve Garrison was sent to Class AA Trenton. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Soriano had a 1-1 record with a 5.40 E.R.A. after signing a three-year, $35 million contract before the season. His year has been a disappointment; in 2010, he led the American League with 45 saves for the Tampa Bay Rays.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Soriano was acquired as the setup man for Mariano Rivera, but the job has been claimed by David Robertson, who is 3-0 with a 1.54 E.R.A. Robertson had allowed an earned run in only five of 44 appearances entering Friday.“We’re going to work him back slow,” Girardi said of Soriano. “We’re not going to throw him right in there, we’ll be careful about that. I’ll have to look about using him two days in a row. We’re just getting him back and we have to make sure that he’s where he’s supposed to be.”REMEMBERING IRABU Hideki Irabu, who was found dead Wednesday, was remembered by Jorge Posada as “a guy who always had a smile on his face.” Joe Girardi said Irabu was enjoyable to be around.Derek Jeter said, “He knew more English than he probably would have let you guys believe.” Later, he said of Irabu’s death, “I was caught off guard, to say the least.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  DOUBLE TROUBLE The Yankees have been swept only one time in the 25 doubleheaders they have played since 2000. Boston swept the Yankees on Sept. 17, 2006, at the Stadium. The Yankees have swept 11 of those 25 doubleheaders.  A version of this article appears in print on July 30, 2011, on Page D3 of the New York edition with the headline: Nova Is Set to Return to the Yankees’ Rotation, for a Day at Least.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays' Aaron Hill dives safely into third during the third inning of during the third inning of a baseball game against Baltimore Orioles Thursday, July 28, 2011, in Toronto. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Chris Young)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Colby Rasmus found his head spinning in his debut with the Toronto Blue Jays, both from a busy couple of days and his new team's 12-hit attack.Edwin Encarnacion and Eric Thames hit back-to-back home runs, Carlos Villanueva won for the first time in five starts and Toronto beat the Orioles 8-5 on Thursday night, handing Baltimore its eighth consecutive series loss.Encarnacion went 3 for 4 with two RBIs and scored twice for the Blue Jays, who have won 27 of 31 home games against Baltimore dating to 2008."Fun to watch, that was awesome," Rasmus said of his new team's offensive showing. "I was ready to get in on some of the action. I wasn't able to do it today but I felt pretty good, I feel good about the situation. I think it's going to be a good time."Acquired from St. Louis on Wednesday, Rasmus started in center field and hit second. He went 0 for 5 with two strikeouts and was the only Toronto starter not to reach base."With all the stuff going on, my mind was all over the place," Rasmus said. "I couldn't relax and settle down, my mind was everywhere."Blue Jays manager John Farrell said he wasn't surprised Rasmus had trouble keeping things straight."I'm sure today was a little bit of a whirlwind for him," Farrell said. "Tonight he might have pulled off a few pitches that otherwise he stays on but we've just got to give him an opportunity to settle in."Baltimore has not won a series since taking two of three against Cincinnati from June 24-26."It's unfortunate," Orioles outfielder Adam Jones said. "We started out on top and couldn't maintain it."Hardy homered to left on Villanueva's second pitch of the game, his 17th and the fourth time this season he's led off a game with a home run.Two outs later, Guerrero whacked a drive to left, his eighth."Not the way I wanted to start off," Villanueva said.Toronto tied it in the bottom of the first against Brad Bergesen. The Blue Jays loaded the bases with a double, a walk and an error by first baseman Derrek Lee before Encarnacion drew a bases-loaded walk and Thames followed with a sacrifice fly."At this level, momentum is everything," Bergesen said. "We had it in our favor and I gave it right back."Villanueva (6-2) had not won since beating St. Louis on June 25. He allowed four runs and six hits in five innings, walked two and struck out one.Toronto newcomer P.J. Walters, Casey Janssen and Frank Francisco each pitched one inning of scoreless relief. Jon Rauch gave up Hardy's second homer in the ninth.Four of Hardy's five hits in the series were home runs."It's good to see J.J. Hardy leave," Farrell said. "He had a heck of a series."The Blue Jays took the lead for good and chased Bergesen with a four-run third, doing all the damage with two outs. Encarnacion homered to left, his eighth, and Thames followed with a drive to right, his fifth. It was the sixth time this season the Blue Jays went back-to-back."It's disappointing," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "We've got an 0-2 count, two outs and nobody on. Next thing you know he's given up some runs that were a dagger for us."Aaron Hill walked and went to third on Travis Snider's single, sliding in safely when third baseman Mark Reynolds dropped the throw. Both runners scored when J.P. Arencibia followed with a double down the left-field line, with Snider safe at the plate when Matt Wieters fumbled the relay from Reynolds.Showalter called the missed catches "two sure outs we should have had."Bergesen (2-7) allowed six runs, four earned, and six hits in three innings, his shortest outing of the season. He walked three and struck out none."I didn't slow the game down when I needed to," Bergesen said. "I just kept going quicker and quicker with my tempo."Baltimore cut it to 6-4 in the fifth on a two-run single by Jones, but the Blue Jays answered with two in the bottom half against reliever Mark Hendrickson. Encarnacion scored from third when Reynolds couldn't handle a pickoff throw from Wieters, and Yunel Escobar followed with an RBI single.Hardy hit a two-out homer in the ninth, his 18th. It was his second multihomer game of the series and the sixth of his career.NOTES: LHP Brad Mills will start for Toronto against Texas on Saturday. He takes the spot of LHP Jo-Jo Reyes, who was designated for assignment last week. ... The Blue Jays optioned INF Mike McCoy to Triple-A Las Vegas to make room on the roster for Rasmus, utilityman Mark Teahen, LHP Trever Miller and Walters. Walters was optioned to Las Vegas after the game, with RHP Jesse Litsch recalled in his place. ... INF Cesar Izturis (right elbow) will work out with the Orioles when they open a four-game series in New York on Friday, but Showalter isn't sure when he will be ready to come off the 60-day DL. ... Orioles RHP Koji Uehara extended his scoreless innings streak to 14 with one shutout frame and has not allowed a run since June 19 at Washington. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Jeremy Guthrie (46) throws against the New York Yankees in the first inning of a baseball game at Yankee Stadium in New York, Friday, July 29, 2011. (AP Photo/Paul J. Bereswill)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Jeremy Guthrie made one thing clear to any playoff contenders pondering a deal for him: He can help.The same could be said for Derrek Lee and Koji Uehara, too.Guthrie shut down the New York Yankees for seven innings, perhaps driving up his price in a trade, and the Baltimore Orioles got homers from Lee and Mark Reynolds in a 4-2 victory Friday night."Jeremy needed it. Jeremy's pitched well enough to have some more Ws next to his name, so I'm real proud of him tonight," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Everybody played well. There was a lot of intensity in a situation where some people may not have had it all the time."Kevin Gregg held on in a shaky ninth, striking out Brett Gardner with runners at the corners to end it.Reynolds and Lee each drove in two runs, lending some rare offensive support to the major league leader in losses. Guthrie (5-14) allowed just four hits, including Mark Teixeira's solo homer, and walked three in one of his best outings during a frustrating season."A real good win for us here against a quality team and a good pitcher," Guthrie said.The right-hander outpitched A.J. Burnett (8-9) for his first win in four career starts at Yankee Stadium. Last-place Baltimore won for the second time in 11 road games, improving to 1-6 against New York this year, as Guthrie moved to 2-7 away from home.A durable starter considered a prime trade candidate before Sunday's non-waiver deadline, Guthrie handcuffed New York's dangerous lineup by consistently keeping the ball down. He got 12 outs on grounders and four of his five strikeouts came in his last two innings."I don't anticipate anything happening," Guthrie said. "I've said it before, 99 percent of what goes on or is talked about around trade deadline doesn't ever happen. So why would you ever worry about it or think about it?"The 32-year-old Guthrie has sharp-looking wins over the Red Sox and Yankees in his past three starts. In between, he pitched pretty well in a loss to the Angels."Jeremy Guthrie's worth a lot. You saw what he's capable of today against a lineup like the Yankees," Lee said. "There's not a lot of great starting pitching that's available out there, so I'm sure he'd bring a good return."Uehara, also potential trade bait, fanned two in a scoreless eighth for Baltimore — extending his shutout streak to 15 innings. He has not given up a run in 13 outings since June 19 at Washington.Gregg pitched the ninth for his 17th save.Robinson Cano and Nick Swisher opened the inning with consecutive doubles to cut it to 4-2. One out later, Jorge Posada walked and Russell Martin grounded into a force play. That brought up Gardner, who thought he walked on a close pitch before he went down swinging.Gardner slammed his bat twice to the ground, smashing it into pieces."I didn't get any hits tonight, so it was time to retire it anyway," he said.Burnett struck out 10 and yielded five hits in eight innings. He is 0-3 in five starts since beating Milwaukee on June 29."I gave all I could out there," Burnett said. "Where I'm at now, I feel fine. I can't wait to pitch the next game."New York fell to 4-3 on a 10-game homestand against three of the AL's worst teams: Oakland, Seattle and Baltimore.In the opener of a four-game series, the start was delayed by rain for 1 hour, 49 minutes. The teams play a day-night doubleheader Saturday to make up an April 12 rainout.Burnett walked Lee with one out in the second and Reynolds hit the next pitch into the New York bullpen in right-center. The opposite-field shot was his 22nd homer of the season.Vladimir Guerrero and Lee hit consecutive doubles to center in the fourth, making it 3-0.Lee also homered to the opposite field on Burnett's first pitch with two outs in the sixth, sending a solo drive to the short porch in right.Lee began the night 2 for 11 (.182) with four strikeouts and no extra-base hits in his career against Burnett. The slick-fielding first baseman also could be on the trading block after his recent resurgence at the plate."Well, I'm sure someone would look at my numbers now compared to a couple weeks ago, it probably looks a little better. So we'll see what happens. It's something that's out of my control," Lee said. "I need to do it a lot longer than a week or two, but I definitely feel better."Teixeira connected for his 29th of the year on a full count in the bottom half of the sixth.NOTES: Baltimore plans to recall RHP Chris Tillman from Triple-A Norfolk to start the first game Saturday. LHP Zach Britton will return from Double-A Bowie to start the nightcap against another pitcher coming back up from the minors: Yankees RHP Ivan Nova was 8-4 when he was sent to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. ... Orioles LHP Mike Gonzalez was available out of the bullpen after completing his three-game suspension Thursday in Toronto. Gonzalez was punished for throwing behind Boston slugger David Ortiz on July 10 at Fenway Park. ... Guthrie improved to 4-9 in 15 career starts against the Yankees. ... Burnett dropped to 12-5 in 20 starts against Baltimore. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees' Nick Swisher hits a two-run home run off of Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Chris Tillman in the fourth inning of the first baseball game of a doubleheaderon Saturday, July 30, 2011 at Yankee Stadium in New York. Chris Tatum catches for the Orioles. (AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Resting several stars in the opener of a day-night doubleheader, the New York Yankees enjoyed watching all those fill-ins bring home a win.Nick Swisher had three hits, including a two-run homer, and New York backed Bartolo Colon with plenty of production from the bottom of the lineup to beat the Baltimore Orioles 8-3 on Saturday.Derek Jeter, Curtis Granderson and Mariano Rivera sat this one out. In their place, Eric Chavez, Chris Dickerson and Cory Wade came through."I think that we feel extremely confident regardless of who we put out there," Swisher said. "For them to go out and play the way that they did, man, you couldn't be more happy for those guys."Six players drove in at least one run for the Yankees. The final five hitters in the lineup combined to go 10 for 19 with six RBIs and six runs scored."We expect all our guys to hit, but the bottom of the order did a lot of damage today," manager Joe Girardi said. "It's always nice when everyone's contributing."Swisher also doubled and singled to pace a Yankees offense missing Jeter, Granderson and Russell Martin. All three All-Stars were rested in a game that began about 13 hours after last-place Baltimore finished off a rain-delayed 4-2 win Friday night.The nightcap was set for 7:05 p.m. to make up an April 12 rainout. Zach Britton was scheduled to face New York rookie Ivan Nova, with both starting pitchers returning from the minors.Brett Gardner had a two-run single for the Yankees, who improved to 7-1 in the season series. They have outscored Baltimore 61-25, though three of the games went to extra innings.Colon (8-6) has won consecutive outings following a three-start losing streak. The husky right-hander labored through five innings under a hot sun, throwing 105 pitches while wriggling out of three jams."All I've got to do is keep working hard and keep fighting to put up some good numbers in the second half," Colon said through a translator.Wade worked three strong innings in relief, allowing only a solo homer to Mark Reynolds. Boone Logan finished up with a scoreless ninth.Baltimore recalled touted prospect Chris Tillman from Triple-A Norfolk to make the start and he looked sharp early before fading fast.With the score tied at 2, Tillman (2-4) issued a leadoff walk to Robinson Cano in the fourth and fell behind Swisher 2-0. Swisher sent a drive to right for his 13th homer, giving New York the lead for good. No. 9 batter Francisco Cervelli added an RBI single.After making 35 pitches through three innings, Tillman doubled that total in the fourth. It was his first big league start since May 27 at Oakland."It's been a long two months," Tillman said. "It's a work in progress. It won't change overnight."The right-hander was optioned back to Norfolk between games to make roster room for Britton, called up from Double-A Bowie.In the fifth, a tough throwing error on rookie second baseman Blake Davis led to three unearned runs.Swisher's one-out double chased Tillman, and Chavez greeted lefty reliever Troy Patton with an RBI single. Jorge Posada drove in a run with a groundout, and Dickerson's single made it 8-2."When they get their opportunity to shine, you're excited for 'em," Swisher said about Dickerson and Cervelli.Tillman got off to an impressive start. He retired his first six batters, striking out four, before the bottom of the lineup got New York going in the third."Those first couple of innings, that's as good as I've seen him come out with his fastball, attacking hitters. It was encouraging, but it kind of got away from him. It was frustrating. There was a better outing for him to be had," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "It's frustrating for us because he's close to putting together a real deep outing, and I thought he was going to those first two innings."Cervelli's ground-rule double put runners on second and third. With Reynolds playing in at third to guard against a bunt, Gardner slapped a sharp grounder toward the line that deflected off Reynolds' glove for a two-run single.Reynolds singled to start a two-run fourth, when Baltimore got RBI groundouts from Craig Tatum and J.J. Hardy.Later in the inning, Adam Jones' foul ball hit plate umpire Tim Welke flush in the mask. Welke staggered backward but regained his balance — with help from Cervelli — and remained in the game.Colon struck out Jones on a full-count slider with runners at second and third to end a 35-pitch fourth. The 2005 AL Cy Young Award winner also fanned Reynolds with the bases loaded to escape unscathed in the first.Reynolds hit his 23rd homer in the eighth.NOTES: To open a roster spot for Tillman, the Orioles placed RHP Brad Bergesen on the paternity leave list. Bergesen left the team to be with his wife for the birth of their first child. He can stay on the paternity leave list for a maximum of three days. ... Jones had two hits and reached base four times. ... Orioles 1B Derrek Lee struck out looking three times. ... Dickerson was optioned to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre between games to create roster room for Nova. ... Mark Teixeira was the DH for the Yankees and Posada played 1B. ... Colon is 4-0 with a 1.32 ERA in five starts with Cervelli behind the plate. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 4, Orioles 2                                                             Jeter Leaves Game, but Finger Is Not Broken  By DAVE CALDWELLJULY 31, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       X-rays on Derek Jeter's fingers were negative after he was hit by a pitch in the third inning.  Credit             Uli Seit for The New York Times            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  Derek Jeter departed Yankee Stadium for a seven-game trip late Sunday afternoon with a thick wrapping around his right middle finger, which was battered twice by flying baseballs within 18 hours. His finger is not broken, and Jeter, not surprisingly, said he was hurting but fine.“You get hit in the same spot twice, and it’s going to hurt a little bit more,” Jeter said after the Yankees won their third game in 27 hours, beating the Baltimore Orioles once again, 4-2.Jeter left Sunday’s game in the fourth inning, an inning after he was hit by an errant pitch from Orioles starter Jake Arrieta. Arrieta struggled with his control throughout his five innings, walking six batters. And when he hit Jeter, it was on the same finger Jeter injured while fielding a ball in the night game of Saturday’s doubleheader.He said he would return when he could hit and throw, perhaps Monday, when the Yankees play the White Sox in Chicago. But the Yankees showed again that they could win with anyone in the field — even a backup catcher at second base — when their veteran pitchers are precise. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The 35-year-old right-hander Freddy Garcia (10-7), who scrambled to make the team in spring training, pitched six effective innings, allowing two runs and five hits while striking out six with curveballs and split-finger fastballs the Orioles mostly lunged at.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He seems to be able to relax in the big moments, the tough moments,” Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said of Garcia, who has allowed only 17 earned runs in his last nine starts.Garcia and the 38-year-old Bartolo Colon have been so good this season that Brian Cashman, the Yankees’ general manager, did not feel a need to acquire a starting pitcher by the nonwaiver trading deadline at 4 p.m. Eastern on Sunday.Including Ivan Nova, who was called up from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and pitched seven strong innings Saturday night in a 17-3 victory over Baltimore, the Yankees actually have one too many starting pitchers. It does not sound as if Garcia will lose his job.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He knows how to pitch,” Cashman said of Garcia. “He’s not afraid. Those are two important aspects when you place yourself in this market.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Yankees did not muster much offense Sunday, scoring all of their runs in the fourth inning. As Jeter had his finger examined, Brett Gardner drilled a pitch from Arrieta (10-8) down the right-field line for a three-run triple. He scored on Curtis Granderson’s groundout. Photo       Brett Gardner gave the Yankees the lead with a bases-loaded triple in the fourth inning.  Credit             Uli Seit for The New York Times           Garcia gave up one run in the third inning on an infield single by Adam Jones and another in the sixth on Vladimir Guerrero’s single, but that was it. He has pitched at least six innings and allowed three runs or fewer in eight of his last nine starts.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Freddy pitched great, and that was all we needed,” Gardner said. “He stayed ahead and looked as good as he has all year.”That may be partly because Sunday’s game was played in brilliant sunshine. Mariano Rivera, who earned his 27th save by pitching a spotless ninth inning, said the Yankees would be even better off if Garcia just pitched every day game on the schedule. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Garcia ran his record in day games to 5-1 this year, with a 1.73 earned run average. This is no recent trend: entering Sunday, he was 54-23 with a 3.63 E.R.A. in day games, compared with an 88-71 record and a 4.32 E.R.A. in night games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Maybe it’s because the players go out and they don’t have no rest,” Garcia said with a big laugh.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  He struck out three of the first six batters he faced. Hector Noesi replaced him and got two outs in the seventh before allowing a single to Robert Andino. With a 1-0 count on Baltimore’s leadoff hitter, J. J. Hardy, Girardi summoned Dave Robertson.Robertson got Hardy to bounce out to end the inning, and he struck out Nick Markakis, Adam Jones and Guerrero in the eighth inning to set up Rivera, who ended the game by getting the Orioles to hit a soft liner and two fly balls.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I was just trying to mix them up and throw a lot of fastballs there,” Robertson said.But Robertson said Garcia was the difference. The Yankees did fine without Jeter, who was replaced by a pinch-hitter, Francisco Cervelli, in the fourth inning. Eduardo Nunez, the starting second baseman, replaced Jeter at shortstop, and Cervelli replaced Nunez.Cervelli is the Yankees’ reserve catcher, and he could not recall ever playing second base. Girardi put Cervelli there because he did not want to lose his designated hitter, Robinson Cano, by moving him to second base. Cervelli handled one chance cleanly in two innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He told me to get ready,” Cervelli said, referring to Girardi, “and I started putting my shinguards on. He said, ‘Play second base,’ and I said, ‘O.K.’ ”Cervelli smiled when he said: “I tried to be relaxed, and that’s it. Now I can say I played second base in the big leagues for the Yankees.”INSIDE PITCHAlex Rodriguez, who missed his 20th game Sunday after having surgery on his right knee, is expected to see a doctor Monday before starting a rehabilitation assignment in Tampa, Fla. “I think once he gets going, it shouldn’t take that long,” Joe Girardi said.  Tyler Kepner contributed reporting.   A version of this article appears in print on August 1, 2011, on Page D3 of the New York edition with the headline: Jeter Leaves Game, but Finger Is Not Broken.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Red Sox Get Bedard; Braves Add the Speedy Bourn JULY 31, 2011         ROUNDUP   Tigers’ Verlander Flirts With Third No-Hitter in Victory Over Angels JULY 31, 2011          Behind Scenes of a Trade That Sent Mets’ Francisco Rodriguez to Milwaukee JULY 31, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball  Deadline Comes and Goes for Yanks    On Baseball  By                       TYLER KEPNER   JULY 31, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        When the Atlanta Braves traded for outfielder Michael Bourn on Sunday morning, it was official: every team in a playoff position had added to its roster during the final week of July. Every team, that is, except the Yankees.The nonwaiver trading deadline passed at 4 p.m., just before the Yankees dispatched the Baltimore Orioles, 4-2, to pull their winning percentage above .600. For the first time since 1998, the Yankees made no trades in July. Christmas morning came, and the pinstriped stocking was empty.If it felt strange to General Manager Brian Cashman, he did not say. Cashman is obliged to explore every possibility, but this time there was little motivation to act.“Despite the anxiety the marketplace can create,” Cashman said, “and the demands that we have as an organization to always want the best you can possibly have, at some point you also have to reflect that what you’ve got is pretty good.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  What he’s got is a team that is 64-42, two games behind the Boston Red Sox in the American League East. More important, the Yankees lead the Los Angeles Angels by six and a half games in the wild-card standings. Until baseball penalizes wild-card teams in any meaningful way, getting to the postseason is all that matters. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Yankees added Rafael Soriano to the bullpen and Eric Chavez to the bench last week, when both players came off the disabled list. In a few weeks, Alex Rodriguez should return from knee surgery to fortify the lineup. And the rotation, Cashman insists, is not as shaky as people think. Photo       The Yankees did not want to part with the Class AAA catcher Jesus Montero to acquire pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez.  Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times           C. C. Sabathia is the quintessential ace. A. J. Burnett has limited damage this season, with just two starts of more than four earned runs. He deserves better than an 8-9 record.Bartolo Colon, Freddy Garcia and Ivan Nova have all made at least 16 starts. Each has a winning record. Collectively, they have a 3.49 earned run average. Is it so hard to imagine that two could hold their own in a playoff game?  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “You’ve just got to take notice and say, ‘Hey, these guys are doing the job — hey, he doesn’t want to lose a job, he hasn’t put himself in position to lose a job,’ ” Cashman said. “A lot of times you’re sitting in the meetings and discussing what’s available and what you have to give up, and you’re like, ‘How much better is this, if at all, than what I’ve currently got in our rotation?’ ”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Colon and Garcia have already exceeded the Yankees’ projections, and Cashman acknowledged he was in “no-man’s land” when trying to forecast their production down the stretch. But the market offered few alternatives to a staff with just one struggling member, Phil Hughes.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Only five starting pitchers were traded: Erik Bedard (from Seattle to Boston); Doug Fister (from Seattle to Detroit); Edwin Jackson (from the White Sox to St. Louis, via Toronto); Ubaldo Jimenez (from Colorado to Cleveland); and Jason Marquis (from Washington to Arizona). Houston held onto Wandy Rodriguez, but the Yankees had no interest in absorbing his contract and bringing him to the rugged A.L. East.They had doubts about Jimenez’s shoulder and, in any case, would not part with the asking price of Nova, the Class AA starter Dellin Betances and the Class AAA catcher Jesus Montero, who is hitting .283 with 10 homers for Scranton. Before this season, Baseball America ranked Montero as the third-best prospect in baseball.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Yes, he was included in the discussion on Cliff Lee last year,” Cashman said. “That was Cliff Lee, so that was one of those rare, unique situations. Let’s put it this way, if Montero was traded at this trade deadline, he would have been the best player moved of anyone at the deadline, prospect-wise.” Photo       Brian Cashman stood by Freddy Garcia and the rotation, which has a combined 3.47 E.R.A.  Credit             Kathy Kmonicek/Associated Press           Montero and the left-hander Manny Banuelos are probably the Yankees’ best prospects. Teams fixated on the Yankees’ talent at the higher levels, Cashman said, and the Yankees chose to keep it for themselves.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Banuelos, 20, was promoted to Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Sunday. He could be a late-season force if he progresses quickly this month, and without Pedro Feliciano and Damaso Marte, the Yankees could use another bullpen lefty. Banuelos was off limits in trades.“I’m willing to do a deal,” Cashman said. “And as you’ve seen in the Curtis Granderson deal, we’ll pay a price and the players we’ll give, they’re good. But at the same time, it’s got to be a workable deal for all sides. It wasn’t in the cards.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    In the Granderson trade, at the winter meetings in 2009, the Yankees sacrificed Phil Coke, Austin Jackson and Ian Kennedy. It was a high price to pay — Kennedy is 12-3 for the Diamondbacks — but the Yankees guessed correctly that Granderson would be an impact player. They also had an opening in center field.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  For the moment, the Yankees have no obvious holes that would have been markedly strengthened by the players on the market. The exception might have been Jimenez, but he must reverse a troubling yearlong dip in performance. His bargain contract was more important to the small-market Indians than to the Yankees.The Yankees are spending more than $200 million on their roster, and they did not want to shed prospects for cosmetic moves. If a useful player slips through waivers in August, the Yankees could still patch a hole. But Cashman is in no hurry.“We’re very comfortable with the decisions we made, with the opportunities presented,” he said. “I like our team.”  A version of this article appears in print on August 1, 2011, on Page D1 of the New York edition with the headline: Deadline Comes And Goes For Yanks.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Red Sox Get Bedard; Braves Add the Speedy Bourn JULY 31, 2011             YANKEES 4, ORIOLES 2   Jeter Leaves Yankees’ Win, but Finger Isn’t Broken JULY 31, 2011          Behind Scenes of a Trade That Sent Mets’ Francisco Rodriguez to Milwaukee JULY 31, 2011                           On Baseball A regular analytical column looking at major league baseball.                                          Seeing Noah Syndergaard’s Injury Coming at 100 M.P.H.             MAY 1                                         In Early Going, the Yankees Steal the Mets’ Thunder             APR 28                                         Homer-Hitting Mets Can Blast, but Fail to Bloop             APR 23                                         Daniel Murphy’s Keen Eye Bolsters a Nationals Pillar             APR 21                                         As Pirates’ Starling Marte Begins Suspension, Mets’ Jeurys Familia Returns             APR 19       See More »       
3 Baltimore Orioles' Derrek Lee hits a solo home run against the New York Yankees in the sixth inning of a baseball game at Yankee Stadium in New York, Friday, July 29, 2011. (AP Photo/Paul J. Bereswill)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Orioles first baseman Derrek Lee has been traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates.The Orioles say they have sent Lee to Pittsburgh for minor-league first baseman Aaron Baker.Lee can give the surprising Pirates a smooth-fielding first baseman with a capable right-handed bat, two things Pittsburgh could use as it tries to stay close in a crowded NL Central race.After a slow start in Baltimore, Lee has come on of late. He is batting .246 with 12 homers and 41 RBIs this season.Following a 17-3 loss to the New York Yankees, several Orioles teammates came over to Lee at his locker to ask about the trade and say goodbye with a hug or handshake.Baltimore says Baker will be assigned to Class A Frederick. 
2    GERMANTOWN, Md. (AP) — A baseball field specially designed with the needs of handicapped children in mind is set to open in Montgomery County.   A ribbon-cutting for the Washington Nationals Miracle Field is set to be held Monday morning. Players from the Washington Nationals will be on hand for the grand opening of the field, which has a cushioned synthetic turf that allows children using wheelchairs and walkers to play safely on the field.   The field is located in South Germantown Recreational Park.   (Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */One year later, Showalter's Orioles still a work in progressEarly success has vanished, but players stand behind manager, who believes team can turn things aroundAugust 01, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunKANSAS CITY, Mo. — Asked recently to describe his first year at the helm of the Orioles, manager Buck Showalter searched for the perfect word or phrase.Has it been frustrating? Exhilarating? Draining? A mixed bag?"It's been, 'Under construction,'" Showalter eventually said.Tuesday marks the one-year anniversary of when Showalter sat at a Camden Yards' dais and was introduced as the club's newest skipper — the Orioles' 19th overall, sixth since 2003 and third last season, following Dave Trembley and interim manager Juan Samuel.The next evening, the Showalter era began impressively with a 6-3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels. It ended a three-game losing streak and a stretch of 14 defeats in 17 tries. The moribund Orioles, who were 32-73 and on pace to shatter the franchise record of 107 losses, were suddenly a force. They won four straight, eight of nine and went 34-23 from Aug. 3 until the end of the season. var adSkipCounter = 0; The "Buck Factor" seemed to make a swift impact."It showed right when he showed up last year. Before he got here last year and after he got here. You could see it in the attention to detail, the accountability. That's his biggest thing," said left-handed reliever Mark Hendrickson, the Orioles' eldest statesman at age 37."It's one thing if we, as players, get beat by somebody who is better," Hendrickson said. "But if we keep beating ourselves, which we were doing, that's not tolerated at this level. And you saw it. It was obvious. There was a lot more urgency in the way we played."Showalter became the first manager in modern baseball history to take over in August and lead a team to more wins that season than it had amassed before the change. It was an incredible turnaround — and Showalter was lionized for it. He got his own T-shirt giveaway at Camden Yards last year and was the lone cover subject of the 2011 Orioles media guide.This June, the Orioles gave out Buck Showalter bobbleheads, which featured the manager on the top step of the dugout. Given his popularity in Charm City, the figurine could have been positioned walking on the Chesapeake Bay.The no-nonsense manager, of course, was uncomfortable with the fanfare. He kept pointing to other reasons for the Orioles' late-season surge: Offensive catalyst Brian Roberts had returned from injury, the defense tightened and the young rotation flourished."A lot of things happened that Dave and Juan didn't have and Andy [MacPhail] didn't have," Showalter said.He also cautioned that the run was just a snapshot in a lengthy season and meant little toward what he and MacPhail, the club's president of baseball operations, were trying to accomplish long term."I couldn't have told you what our record was last year. It's not the end game," Showalter said. "It's about winning a world championship. You're never as good as it looks nor as [bad] as it might look. I'm trying to define reality. Trying to evaluate yourself honestly without rose-colored glasses. Evaluate yourselves and be realistic. Be honest."A grueling 162-game schedule is a pretty effective microscope.The Orioles began 2011 winning six of their first seven, and the vibe around Camden Yards was about as optimistic as it had been at almost any point in the previous 13 years of continual losing. Soon enough, though, the giddiness faded.With two months remaining this season, the Orioles are owners of the worst record in the American League at 42-63. Combined with his two-month stint in 2010, Showalter's managerial mark through 162 games is 76-86. That .469 winning percentage places him 12th of 19 managers in Orioles history, just behind Lee Mazzilli's .480.The team's tumble has created growing criticism of Showalter's decisions, something that didn't exist in September. The bashing from Internet message boards and talk-show callers contains the same themes that were present during Trembley's and Sam Perlozzo's tenures: The manager shows too much deference to veterans, doesn't give younger players an extended look and mismanages his bullpen.Showalter said there's a simple way to quiet the critics: win."I always look at things with realistic eyes. I don't want sympathetic ears. I don't want 'woe is me' stuff,'" Showalter said. "Get better. … Managers, coaches, nobody's got all the answers. Every day passes, I get better."It's that attitude that has afforded Showalter respect within the clubhouse. That and his track record, which includes 958 big league wins, two Manager of the Year Awards and winning seasons with the New York Yankees, Arizona Diamondbacks and Texas Rangers."I think it is important to know you have a manager that has 'been there, done that' before. That plays a big part, especially with young teams," Hendrickson said. "I think that just enables us to trust him, and I think that is important because, with the amount of young guys that are here, you want to have someone that's got a little bit of a presence to him as a manager."1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees starting pitcher Freddy Garcia throws against the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game on Sunday, July 31, 2011, at Yankee Stadium in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Freddy Garcia and Bartolo Colon have made life hard on the AL East, and easy for Brian Cashman.The Yankees general manager decided he liked the hand he held and passed on the chance to add to New York's roster Sunday at the non-waiver trade deadline."I'm very confident with the position I've taken," Cashman said after the 34-year-old Garcia pitched the Yankees past the Baltimore Orioles 4-2. "It's not like I'm blowing smoke, trying to promote our guys."No, I believe in our guys," he added.The two starting pitchers have combined for 18 wins and both have solid ERAs. Neither seemed likely to be a front-line starter when signed as a free agent in the offseason, long removed from their heydays in the early 2000s.But here it is, 2011, and they are New York's second- and third-best starters.Good enough to keep the Yankees, who certainly have no reticence about adding any piece they think they need, quiet at the deadline.Colon, now 38, was even once the coveted star in a deadline deal, when Cleveland shipped him to Montreal for a horde of prospects a year after he and Garcia faced off twice in the 2001 AL division series between the Indians and Mariners.Now, 10 years later, those two are the reason the Yankees didn't feel the need to give up any of their prized prospects."When you look at their body of work, it's been excellent," manager Joe Girardi said. "They have an ERA in the low 3s in the American League East, and that's hard to do."After Sunday's games, New York was two games behind Boston in the division, and comfortably in command of the wild-card race, 6½ up on the Los Angeles Angels. Statistics website Baseball Prospectus assesses the Yankees as having about a 3 percent chance of missing the postseason.Cashman said he spoke with every other team about adding players. He didn't get any attractive offers.It appeared the top two starting pitchers on the trade market in July were Colorado's Ubaldo Jimenez and Houston's Wandy Rodriguez. Jimenez went to the Indians for two top-level pitching prospects and two other minor leaguers, and the Astros never managed to deal Rodriguez.Neither pitcher would have clearly been a big enough upgrade for Cashman to risk a swap.After CC Sabathia, Colon, and Garcia, the Yankees can send A.J. Burnett (8-9, 4.23 ERA) and Ivan Nova (9-4, 4.01) to the mound.Behind those five, Phil Hughes has been inconsistent as he returns to full health following shoulder issues."We've had some surprises that have come out of nowhere for us," Cashman said. "I look forward to racing down the Red Sox and catching them and passing them."The Yankees also have left-hander Manny Banuelos and righty Adam Warren at Triple-A. Cashman indicated either or both could still have a role to play on the big club this season. Banuelos, especially, seems likely, though he was only promoted from Double-A on Sunday. The Yankees have just one left-hander in their bullpen, and Boone Logan has had some rough outings this season.Cashman also didn't rule out making some additions in August, when players must clear waivers before being traded."It's nice to have those guys down below, pushing themselves, as an insurance policy," Cashman said.Much better, the Yankees think, than having those guys on someone else's roster."I mean, who are we going to trade for?" outfielder Brett Gardner said. "Freddy and Bartolo were two great pickups in the offseason, and both of those guys have been tremendous. I think we're right where we want to be at." 
6  If I told you at the beginning of the season that at the end of play on August 2, the Orioles would only have one starter with an ERA below 4.00, what would have been your reaction? If I asked you to guess which starter that was, how many guesses do you think it would have taken before you gave the correct answer of Alfredo Simon? This is where we are, though. With seven strong innings tonight, Simon brought his ERA below 4. He surrendered only one run during this game and finished with 3.83. We probably shouldn't get carried away; it was only his fifth start and he's only thrown 30 innings as a starter this year. Still, his ERA would be even lower if you removed his relief appearances. Simon gave up four hits, walked one, struck out three and didn't allow a run after the first inning. Even more to his credit, on a night where the temperature at first pitch was 107 degrees, Simon threw 106 pitches and looked about as good in his last inning as he did in any other. If Simon is able to come close to pitching like this regularly, the Orioles may have had an unexpected, unlooked-for starter emerge from the pack. In un-Orioles fashion, tonight the O's got runs early and kept adding on runs through to late. They scored in four different innings, including a four-run ninth. In all, they got eight runs on twelve hits. Multi-hit games came from J.J. Hardy, Chris Davis (his first two hits as an Oriole), Robert Andino and Mark Reynolds (three hits, including a three-run monster bomb in the 9th - his 24th of the year), and Nick Markakis added a hit and two walks. Who would have thought that good things happen when you chase a starter early in a game? Royals starter and former Birdland jokester Bruce Chen had gotten up to 115 pitches in 4.2 IP. He issued four walks to O's hitters and wasn't doing much of fooling people with the soft-tossing stuff, giving up seven hits and three earned runs. Chen exited with a 3-1 deficit, thanks to a two-run double by Reynolds in the 4th and an RBI infield single in the 5th by Davis.    The game was a good one for the newly-acquired Orioles. Davis added his first home run as an Oriole with a solo shot in the 9th that left the score at the 8-2 margin where it would remain. Tommy Hunter appeared in relief, pitching the 8th inning. While a run scored in the inning, he wasn't exactly being smacked around. A bloop hit to left put Alex Gordon on first base, then Melky Cabrera singled through the hole opened up from holding Gordon, who went from first-to-third on the play - team speed is a radical concept. The next batter was Billy Butler, who hit a soft liner to right. It was one of those balls that should have never been deep enough to score a runner on past years' versions of Nick Markakis, but in 2011 it means a run scores. Markakis fielded the ball clean and launched a throw in the general direction of home plate, but it wasn't going to land anywhere near Matt Wieters and was cut off. So, that's an earned run against Hunter. It could be worse, though. He was throwing some serious cheese and it's quite possible his next appearance will be from the rotation. Another amazing thing is that good things happen when your starter pitches 7 innings. The end of the game looks a lot shorter. And it gets even less stressful when the offense adds on runs in the 9th so there's no need for our save-soaker to make an appearance. Instead, Chris Jakubauskas appeared in the garbage time situation and had a drama-free 9th, with two strikeouts.    All in all, for one night at least, the O's actually looked like a competent baseball team. After the hellish Saturday and Sunday in New York, it was easy to forget what that felt like. Maybe it will turn out that a series against the Royals is just what the O's needed to get settled in with the new look and turn things around a bit. They will be helped in this endeavor because tomorrow they will face Luke Hochevar, who's sporting a 5.15 ERA. Jeremy Guthrie takes the mound for the Orioles, and if he turns in a strong start, maybe he, too, can join the sub-4.00 starter club. For tonight, though, the only member of that club is Simon, and he earned his place in it. We can only hope he'll be remaining there with more strong starts in the future.  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds hits a three-run home run during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2011, in Kansas City, Mo. The Orioles won the game 8-2. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)MoreKANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Mark Reynolds homered, doubled and drove in five runs as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 8-2 Tuesday night in a game in which the temperature at first pitch was 107 degrees.Reynolds hit his 24th home run in the ninth with Nick Markakis and Vladimir Guerrero aboard to break open a 5-2 game. Chris Davis also homered in the ninth off Royals rookie left-hander Everett Teaford, who was just recalled from Triple-A Omaha.Reynolds, who leads the Orioles with 60 RBIs, stroked a two-out double in the third, scoring J.J. Hardy, who snapped an 0-for-18 slide with a single, and Markakis, who had walked.Reynolds' five RBIs matched a career high, done three times previously.Alfredo Simon curbed the Royals on four hits for seven innings to pick up the victory.Simon (3-4) gave up a run in the first on doubles by Miguel Cabrera and Eric Hosmer, but blanked the Royals on two hits the next six innings. Simon, who moved into the Orioles rotation on July 16, walked one and struck out three.The Orioles increased their lead to 3-1 in the fifth when Reynolds scored from second on Davis' infield single. Before Davis' hit, Matt Wieters drew a walk on 13 pitches, fouling off seven pitches, from Royals starter Bruce Chen.Chen, who was roughed up for 10 runs and 10 hits in four innings in his previous start at Boston, did not make it out of the fifth, requiring 115 pitches in 4 2-3 innings. Chen (5-5), who is 0-3 in his past four starts, gave up three runs on seven hits and four walks.Baltimore added a run in the sixth off rookie reliever Louis Coleman with Hardy's double to left scoring Robert Andino, who led off the inning with bunt single.Billy Butler's sacrifice fly in the eighth scored Alex Gordon off reliever Tommy Hunter.NOTES: Orioles RHP Jake Arrieta has an Aug. 10 appointment with Dr. Lewis Yocum in Los Angeles to examine his sore right elbow. Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Arrieta has a fibrous mass growth on his elbow. He walked six in five innings Sunday in a loss at New York. INF Cesar Izturis, who went on Baltimore's disabled list May 13 and needed elbow surgery, reported Tuesday to Double-A Bowie to begin a minor league rehab. If all goes well, he could be activated Friday. The Orioles claimed LHP Jo-Jo Reyes off waivers from the Blue Jays and he will be added to the roster Tuesday. RHP Luke Hochevar starts Wednesday against the Orioles. He is 0-4 with a 7.98 ERA in five career games against Baltimore. Jeremy Guthrie, who starts for the Orioles, is 2-7 with a 3.80 ERA in his 10 road starts. Cabrera extended his hitting streak to eight games with a first inning double. He also singled in the eighth and tops the Royals with 45 multihit games. He has hit in 23 of 26 games since July 2. Hardy committed a fielding blunder in the fifth, his third error in as many games. Hardy was charged with just two errors in his first 76 games. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles notebook: Arrieta likely shut down for seasonRight-hander could have surgery to remove mass in elbow, will miss at least next startAugust 03, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunKANSAS CITY, Mo. — Jake Arrieta, the Orioles' leader in wins, has decided to have his right elbow examined in California next week and will be shut down for at least a start and likely the rest of the season. Arrieta, 25, has been dealing with a fibrous mass in his right elbow — similar to a bone spur, but softer — for years and considered having surgery last season before choosing to pitch through it. It mainly affects his command, and after issuing a career high six walks Sunday, he has decided to visit renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. Lewis Yocum, the Los Angeles Angels team physician, next Wednesday. var adSkipCounter = 0;  If Arrieta chooses surgery, he could have the mass removed within days of his initial appointment, allowing him to be ready to pitch by next spring training, Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. A decision on surgery will not be made until Arrieta meets with Yocum. Showalter said he spoke to Arrieta on the plane from New York to Kansas City and Arrieta wanted Yocum, who has examined him previously, to take another look. "The good news is there's not any pain in the area that's usually consistent with ligament issues," Showalter said. "I got a sneaking suspicion of where it's going to go, but we'll see. We'll hope for the best." Arrieta, who is 10-8 with a 5.05 ERA in 22 starts in his first full season in the majors, will not pick up a ball until his appointment with Yocum, so he is a candidate for the disabled list. It hasn't been decided who will replace him, but the club could bring back one of the pitchers sent out this weekend, such as Jason Berken or Chris Tillman, or recall someone else such as recently acquired left-hander Zach Phillips. Tommy Hunter, whom the Orioles traded for Saturday, could make his first Orioles start Friday, which would have been Arrieta's turn. Orioles claim Reyes In an attempt to bolster their pitching staff, the Orioles claimed 26-year-old left-hander Jo-Jo Reyes off waivers Tuesday and will activate him Wednesday in Kansas City. Reyes made 20 starts this year for the Toronto Blue Jays, going 5-8 with a 5.40 ERA in 110 innings. He pitched at least six innings in 10 of those starts. He also tied a major league record by starting 28 consecutive games without a win — which spanned three years — before beating the Cleveland Indians on May 30. "He's 26 and versatile, and we need as much depth as we can get," said Andy MacPhail, the Orioles' president of baseball operations. A former Atlanta Braves farmhand, Reyes has a 3.51 ERA in 121 minor league games. The plan is for him to pitch in the Orioles' bullpen, Showalter said. To make room for him on the 40-man roster, outfielder Luke Scott (shoulder surgery) was moved to the 60-day disabled list. Duchscherer released The Orioles officially cut ties with right-hander Justin Duchscherer, who was signed in the offseason for a guaranteed $700,000 plus incentives. He never pitched in an affiliated game, staying in Sarasota, Fla., to rehabilitate his surgically repaired left hip. "We just didn't see any light at the end of that tunnel," MacPhail said. The oft-injured Duchscherer will undergo his fourth hip surgery — second on his left hip — Thursday in Nashville, Tenn. Dr. Thomas Byrd, who has performed the other three surgeries, will again operate on Duchscherer. The Orioles will assume the cost of the surgery. MacPhail said he knew the signing was risky this offseason, but "sometimes you have to take risks." Hunter joins Orioles Hunter, 25, started Game 4 of the 2010 World Series for the Texas Rangers and is joining a team that hasn't played in an October Classic since more than two years before Hunter was born. Yet the husky right-hander said he couldn't be happier with the change of scenery. "It's an opportunity. It's great. I am ready to go," said Hunter, who along with first baseman Chris Davis was dealt to the Orioles on Saturday for reliever Koji Uehara. "So I'll get out there and start playing and get to know these guys a little better." Hunter was 13-4 with a 3.73 ERA in 23 games (22 starts) for the American League champions last year. But a groin injury slowed him this spring, and by the time he was healthy, he had lost his roster and rotation spot. He pitched eight games in relief after a July recall, posting a 2.93 ERA in 151/3 innings, but hadn't made it back into the rotation. "Other guys stepped up. I got hurt. It's kind of the way the cookie crumbles," Hunter said. "If somebody steps up in somebody else's absence, they are not just going to go back to what you used to have. You stay with something that works. It's just the way they wanted to do it." Hunter pitched in relief against the Royals on Tuesday, but it's still possible he'll start Friday's game against the Blue Jays. "I came up as a starter, so I think that's the idea, to get back to the starting rotation," Hunter said. Bergesen a father1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds hits a three-run home run during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Kansas City Royals Tuesday, Aug. 2, 2011, in Kansas City, Mo. The Orioles won the game 8-2. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)MoreKANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Rather than get steamed, Mark Reynolds got busy.On a night when the gametime temperature was 107 degrees, Reynolds overcame a tough first at-bat to homer, double, single and drive in five runs as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 8-2 Tuesday.Reynolds could've done even more damage, but grounded into a double play with the bases loaded that ended the first inning."That first at-bat was real frustrating," Reynolds said. "I had a chance to hit at least a sac fly."Manager Buck Showalter, however, had some encouraging words for Reynolds."I patted him on the back after he came in between innings and I said, 'there will be another big at-bat here, let's go,'" Showalter said. "He accepted the challenge. I thought the double was the key at-bat of the night."A hot night, for sure.Research by the Royals media relations department could not find a hotter temperature to start a game at Kansas City. It was 106 for a game on July 30, 1980.Reynolds, who leads the Orioles with 60 RBIs, stroked a two-out, two-run double in the third. The hit drove in J.J. Hardy, who snapped an 0-for-18 slide with a single, and Nick Markakis, who had walked."I had the bases loaded again, shortened up, tried to hit the ball into the gap," Reynolds said. "He threw me a fastball down the middle and I was able to get a good swing."Reynolds hit his 24th home run in the ninth with Markakis and Vladimir Guerrero aboard to break open a 5-2 game. The shot to left field hit off the Royals' 2012 All-Star Game logo, which was unveiled before the game."I didn't know I hit it, but I don't feel bad about it," said Reynolds, who matched a career high for RBIs.Orioles newcomer Chris Davis also homered in the ninth off Royals rookie left-hander Everett Teaford, who was just recalled from Triple-A Omaha.Reynolds, who played with the Arizona Diamondbacks before this year, said he has never played in a hotter game."It was definitely really, really hot," Reynolds said. "We play in a dome in Arizona."Royals starter Bruce Chen labored through 4 2-3 innings, giving up three runs on seven hits and four walks. He threw 115 pitches."It was hot," Chen said. "But we all knew it was going to be that way and we've got a great training staff. They made sure we had plenty of fluids and electrolytes. I usually warm up for 15 minutes before the game, but I did most of my stuff inside before."Alfredo Simon (3-4) curbed the Royals on four hits for seven innings.Simon gave up a run in the first on doubles by Melky Cabrera and Eric Hosmer, but blanked the Royals on two hits the next six innings. Simon, who moved into the Orioles' rotation on July 16, walked one and struck out three.The Orioles increased their lead to 3-1 in the fifth when Reynolds scored from second on Davis' infield single. Before Davis' hit, Matt Wieters drew a walk on 13 pitches, fouling off seven pitches.Chen, who was roughed up for 10 runs and 10 hits in four innings in his previous start at Boston, did not make it out of the fifth. Chen (5-5) is 0-3 in his past four starts.Baltimore added a run in the sixth off rookie reliever Louis Coleman with Hardy's double to left scoring Robert Andino, who led off the inning with bunt single.Billy Butler's sacrifice fly in the eighth scored Alex Gordon off reliever Tommy Hunter.NOTES: Orioles RHP Jake Arrieta has an Aug. 10 appointment with Dr. Lewis Yocum in Los Angeles to examine his sore right elbow. Showalter said Arrieta has a fibrous mass growth on his elbow. He walked six in five innings Sunday in a loss at New York. ... INF Cesar Izturis, who went on Baltimore's disabled list May 13 and needed elbow surgery, reported Tuesday to Double-A Bowie to begin a minor league rehab. If all goes well, he could be activated Friday. ... The Orioles claimed LHP Jo-Jo Reyes off waivers from the Blue Jays. ... RHP Luke Hochevar starts Wednesday against the Orioles. He is 0-4 with a 7.98 ERA in five career games against Baltimore. Jeremy Guthrie, who starts for the Orioles, is 2-7 with a 3.80 ERA in his 10 road starts. ... Cabrera extended his hitting streak to eight games with a first-inning double. He also singled in the eighth and tops the Royals with 45 multihit games. He has hit in 23 of 26 games since July 2. ... Hardy committed a fielding blunder in the fifth, his third error in as many games. Hardy was charged with just two errors in his first 76 games. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie reacts after a line drive by Kansas City Royals' Alcides Escobar glanced off of him during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)MoreKANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Whenever Jeremy Guthrie takes the mound, the Baltimore batters seem to take the day off.That held true again Wednesday night when the Orioles managed just four hits in a 6-2 loss to the Kansas City Royals.Guthrie is receiving just 3.3 runs per game, the sixth-lowest support in the American League. In his past 15 starts, the Orioles have scored 47 runs when he was in the game."We didn't mount much offense," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "That was the story of the game."Luke Hochevar pitched neatly into the eighth inning, Billy Butler homered and drove in four runs as the Orioles lost for the fourth time in five games.Hochevar allowed one earned run and four hits in 7 1-3 innings. He struck out seven, walked one and retired 16 straight batters during one stretch."Hochevar really picked it up from the third inning on," Showalter said. "You'd like to see us mount a little more offense. That seems to happen when Jeremy pitches."Guthrie (5-15) yielded six runs on eight hits in seven innings. He leads the majors in losses."They were able to string together a couple of hits and then they got a big home run in the seventh," Guthrie said. "I felt the same as last time (when he beat the Yankees 4-2 on Friday). I just didn't get the same results. The homer was the most damaging in the seventh but I made more mistakes than that."Their guy threw the ball tremendous. They got the momentum and Luke ran with it and continued to throw strikes."Hochevar gave up a run in the first when Adam Jones doubled with two outs and scored on Vladimir Guerrero's single, but did not allow another hit until the eighth."Hochevar was throwing the fastball to both sides of the plate," Showalter said. "He was using his cutter, fastball, curve on both sides of the plate. We've seen him before and it's been a process. Little by little he's starting to pitch better. Give him credit, but we're capable of better."Butler had a sacrifice fly in the first inning and hit a three-run homer in the seventh. His 13th homer came on a 3-0 pitch after Manny Pina doubled for his first big league hit and Alex Gordon singled.Alcides Escobar's triple in the second scored Yamico Navarro and Chris Getz, putting the Royals up 3-1. Escobar and Gordon each contributed three hits.The Orioles got unearned run in the third when Hochevar committed a throwing error on a pickoff attempt, allowing Robert Andino to advance to third. He scored on J.J. Hardy's sacrifice fly.After Matt Wieters singled and Pie doubled in the eighth, Greg Holland replaced Hochevar. Holland hit Andino to load the bases with one out, but struck out Hardy and retired Nick Markakis on a ground out to end the inning.Holland picked up his first career save in his second opportunity.NOTES: Royals manager Ned Yost said struggling rookie 3B Mike Moustakas would not be in the lineup Wednesday or Thursday as he worked with hitting coach Kevin Seitzer on his stroke. Moustakas is hitting .194 with one home run in 41 games. "It's mechanical more than anything else," Yost said. "But he's pressing a little bit at the plate, trying to get results, which makes it worse." Pina, who was called up Sunday, made his big league debut and went 2 for 4. ... The Orioles optioned veteran LHP Mark Hendrickson, who was 1-0 with a 5.40 ERA in seven relief appearances, to Triple-A Norfolk. The move opened up a roster spot for LHP Jo-Jo Reyes, who joined the club after being claimed off waivers Monday from Toronto. The Orioles agreed to terms with RHP Willie Eyre pending a physical. Eyre would be assigned to Norfolk. Eyre, 33, is 5-6 with a 5.14 ERA in 92 big league games. ... Rookie LHP Zach Britton, who starts Thursday for the Orioles, has struggled mightily in past two starts, losses to the Red Sox and Yankees. In those two starts, he has allowed 13 runs on 13 hits and three walks in one inning. He got just two outs July 8 at Boston and retired only one Yankee Saturday. Britton has recorded one win in his past 13 starts. ... LHP Jeff Francis starts the series finale for the Royals. Francis is coming off his best start of the season, holding the Indians to four hits in eight scoreless innings Friday. 
3 View photosKansas City Royals' Jeff Francoeur (21) and Yamaico Navarro celebrate after they both scored on a single by Chris Getz during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Thursday, Aug. 4, 2011, in Kansas City, Mo. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)MoreKANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Zack Britton did not get out of the first inning unscathed, but the Baltimore Orioles rookie left-hander made it into the sixth inning — a major improvement from recent starts.Alex Gordon matched his career-high with four hits and Yamaico Navarro drove in three runs to the lead the Kansas City Royals over the Orioles 9-4 on Thursday night.While Britton took the loss, it was nothing like his previous two starts when he pitched a combined one inning and yielded 13 earned runs in losses to the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox.The Royals, however, did get to Britton for three runs on three hits in the first, although two runs were unearned after he committed an error."I told myself 'It's not going to happen,'" Britton said of another horrific first inning. "Especially after that error I knew I had to make some pitches. It was nice to get out of it after that and then to throw some fairly good innings was nice, too."Britton took a 4-3 lead into the sixth, but failed to keep it as the Royals scored six runs and sent 11 men to the plate."I'm impressed that he came back and kept us in the game," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "It's kind of hard to remember we were ahead. It's an improvement even though it's not a good comparison to make to the poor outings he had. Hopefully he'll get a little better."His breaking ball was not quite as crisp as he's capable of throwing. His sinker wasn't dropping as much. If you take the second through the fifth innings, he threw the ball well. He's a young guy who doesn't have the experience yet. I'm impressed with the way he went out after the first and gave us some good outs. He has not been deep in a game in a while and we're waiting for him to get there for us."Britton, who allowed six runs and 12 hits in 5 1-3 innings, is 1-8 in his past 14 starts after starting the season 5-1."I got through the fifth with a lot of hits and got out of some jams." Britton said. "I got lucky some. Buck showed a lot of confidence in me. I haven't gone five (innings) in about four weeks. I have to take the positives out of this game."There was some improvement that needed to be made. I felt a little bit better. The hits for the most part were on pitches I left out over the plate. I don't know why the sink wasn't there. I've always had the sink. I'm asking myself 'Am I tired? Is that why the sink isn't there?' There are a lot of things I'm going to think about."The Royals had 17 hits with every starter having at least one. Gordon, Cabrera and Butler, the first three Kansas City hitters, combined to go 8 for 14 with six runs, two doubles and three RBIs.Reliever Blake Wood (5-0) worked two hitless innings, walking two and striking out two, to pick up the victory.Royals starter Jeff Francis, who pitched eight scoreless innings to beat Cleveland in his previous start, gave up four runs and 10 hits in five-plus innings before Wood replaced him.Navarro, Butler and Jeff Francoeur, who had three hits, each drove in a run in the first.J.J. Hardy homered for the Orioles in the fifth inning, his 19th this season and the 100th of his career. Hardy, however, left after six innings with a sore left ankle. He will be examined Friday by Orioles team physician Dr. John Wilckens."He can't really pinpoint when it happened," Showalter said. "All of a sudden it showed up in between innings. It doesn't seem be to an ankle turn. He's day to day. We'll see how he feels tomorrow."Nick Markakis, Matt Wieters and Chris Davis drove in the other Baltimore runs. Markakis and Wieters each had two hits and an RBI. Adam Jones doubled and singled for his seventh multi-hit game in his past 12.Notes: IF Cesar Izturis, who went 3 for 10 with three RBIs, two runs and two walks in three games on a minor league rehab assignment with Double-A Bowie, will join the Orioles on Friday. He is on the 60-day DL after having right elbow surgery. "I'm excited," Showalter said. "We haven't had him here in a while. He can do a lot things for us. We'll be able to use him in a lot of ways. We'll probably see a couple of new faces here the next few days." ... Showalter said RHP Jake Arrieta, who is out with an elbow injury, is "likely going" on the DL. He is scheduled to be examined Wednesday in Los Angeles by Dr. Lewis Yocum. ... Baltimore dropped to 0-8-2 in its 10 series. ... RHP Tommy Hunter will make his first Baltimore start Friday against Toronto. He was acquired in a July 30 trade with Texas. RHP Felipe Paulino, who starts Friday for the Royals against Detroit, has struck out 42 and walked nine, two intentionally, in his past six starts. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Player salary isn't the only disparity hurting the OriolesAugust 08, 2011|By Robbie LevinAs the Orioles continue to get tossed around by their American League East rivals, it's easy to cite disparities in player salaries as the main culprit. After all, the Red Sox and Yankees spend at least $80 million more than the Orioles annually. However, during a recent series against the Yankees, Buck Showalter looked past the large salary gaps and found another startling difference between the division's haves and have-nots. "I know [payrolls are] what everyone looks at when you're talking about this division," Showalter told Bill Madden of The New York Daily News. "But the real disparity, the disparity that's hurting baseball, is the disparity that no one sees -- the amount of money being spent on scouting and player development." While Showalter didn’t mention it specifically, one of the oft-cited critiques of the Orioles organization is its inability to develop Latin American players. Former Baltimore Sun reporter Ken Rosenthal, now with FOX Sports, touched on this subject in spring training, calling the Orioles “practically a zero internationally.” var adSkipCounter = 0;  The organization received another painful reminder of its woefully small international presence when former general manager Pat Gillick was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame a few weeks ago. Gillick was renowned for making inroads into Latin America, and was even heralded for the work he did with the Orioles. In spring training leading up to the 1997 season, The Sun’s Buster Olney wrote that Latin American players accounted for almost one-third of the Orioles’ 40-man roster. Due to the high number of Spanish-speaking players on Davey Johnson’s squad, Olney jokingly suggested that the organization look into teaching Spanish to its English-speaking players. Dan Connolly wrote in 2009 that the Orioles were trying to make strides internationally. Currently, only seven players on the Orioles’ 40-man roster hail from Latin America: Luis Lebron, Alfredo Símon, Pedro Viola, Pedro Florimon Jr., Cesar Izturis, Felix Pie and Vladimir Guerrero. And of those seven, only two (Lebron and Florimon Jr.) were originally signed by the Orioles. Today, Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail is reportedly wary of signing Latin American prospects. “Amateur scouting has changed.” MacPhail told Rosenthal. “It’s not, ‘Go out and find them in the hinterlands where they’re playing baseball’ anymore. It’s a lot of workouts at complexes with [talent brokers].” It should be noted that while the Orioles have strayed from international signings, they have made inroads in Latin America in recent years. Infielder Jonathan Schoop, a native of Curacao, was selected to July’s Future’s Game, and last year, the Orioles gave 16-year-old third baseman Hector Veloz a $300,000 signing bonus, a franchise record for a Dominican player. However, both of these prospects have a way to go before validating their investments. It doesn’t take a genius to see that the Orioles brass can’t spend money like their counterparts in Boston and New York. Neither can executives in Tampa, however with a payroll regularly among the lowest in the league (just north of $41 million in 2011, half that of the Orioles), the Rays have managed to finish ahead of the Orioles in the AL East each of the past three seasons. Even the Blue Jays, not exactly a model of stability recently, have made a significant international push under GM Alex Anthopoulos. MacPhail’s reluctance to establish a presence in Latin America places more pressure on the draft. But with more than a few former first-rounders still middling in the minors, MacPhail might want to consider expanding his horizons.  Robbie Levin, a student at Northwestern University, is an intern at The Baltimore Sun. Our fine interns will contribute guest posts to Baltimore Sports Blitz this summer. Contact Levin at xcxrlevin@baltsun.com.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
6  I just saw the Baltimore Sun post the Orioles' lineup for tonight's game with the Chicago White Sox and I've finally snapped: J.J. Hardy, SS Nick Markakis, RF Adam Jones, CF Vladimir Guerrero, DH Chris Davis, 1B Mark Reynolds, 3B Matt Wieters, C Felix Pie, LF Robert Andino, 2B Jo-Jo Reyes, SP It's become a joke of a joke, an abstract concept of an absurdity. The shell of Vladimir Guerrero continues to bat fourth on my favorite baseball team. I can take this no longer. It has been over 110 games now in the 2011 season and the only two regular hitters on the team having a worse year at the plate than Guerrero are the left field faux-platoon-thingy of Nolan Reimold and Felix Pie. And still we march onward with Vlad batting in the number four spot, traditionally considered the premier offensive position in baseball.    There are three teams that have gotten worse production out of the 4-spot in the lineup than the Orioles. The Rays are a stunner in that department, but they have at least shuffled around (mainly) six different hitters into the spot. The Mariners have one of the all-time worst offenses, and they've shuffled through three different guys trying to find some hot cleanup batter. The Padres are another pretty depressing offensive unit, but they too have mixed and matched with four different cleanup hitters. If nothing else, those teams give the impression that they are trying to figure out something that works.    The Orioles have just Vlad. Matt Wieters is the second most used clean-up hitter. After tonight he is 80 games behind Guerrero. Listen, I will happily tell anyone who wants to listen that it really does not matter one whit where Vlad Guerrero bats in this lineup, because he'll still get his plate appearances in and he'll still make his outs and the Orioles will still struggle to put runs on the board. From a production point of view I'm nitpicking.    But from the perspective of someone who, as Buck Showalter talked about during the Oriole Fanfest back in the winter, lives and dies with the team even when they play on the West Coast at midnight on a Tuesday, this is not just frustrating. Not just irritating. Not just maddening. It is literally making me wonder about why I even care so much about this baseball team. The Orioles very much sold me on the hope of the young team and on their rebuilding philosophies and on Buck Showalter. And what I see out there every single night is a team that is unwilling to man up and tell a veteran hitter who is clearly at the end of his career that he needs to not be the main offensive threat in this lineup. Or maybe what I see is a team that doesn't understand that an accomplished former MVP is no longer even remotely a respectable hitter anymore. Or maybe what I see is a team that is on auto-pilot now, not caring enough to pretend to show me that they're paying attention to the non-performance of their most expensive offseason free agent signing. I can't make heads or tails of them anymore.  
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Justin Verlander Ensures Tigers Avoid Sweep by Indians  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSAUG. 11, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Justin Verlander gave Detroit exactly what it needed, becoming baseball’s first 17-game winner as the division-leading Tigers beat the host Indians, 4-3, to avoid being swept and open a three-game lead in the American League Central over second-place Cleveland on Thursday night.Verlander (17-5) allowed three hits and struck out 10 in seven innings to earn career win No. 100 as the Tigers ended a 13-game losing streak in Cleveland. He was also on the mound for Detroit’s previous win at Progressive Field on May 8, 2010.In taking the series finale, the Tigers kept some distance over the Indians, who trimmed one game off Detroit’s lead over the past three days. The teams will play 10 more times this season, including a season-ending three-game series at Comerica Park from Sept. 26 to 28.Fausto Carmona (5-12) gave the Indians a solid outing, but they could not do enough against Verlander, who was in control once again in what has been a Cy Young Award-caliber season. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      WHITE SOX 6, ORIOLES 3 Mark Buehrle pitched eight innings to earn his 10th win, Alexei Ramirez homered in a four-run first inning, and visiting Chicago cruised past Baltimore.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Juan Pierre had three hits and two runs batted in for the White Sox, who scored four runs before making an out. Chicago took three of four from the Orioles to complete a 6-1 trip.Buehrle (10-5) gave up three runs and six hits, struck out six and walked none.ATHLETICS 10, BLUE JAYS 3 Hideki Matsui had four hits, Conor Jackson drove in three runs and the visiting Athletics beat Toronto. Swept in a three-game series at last-place Seattle to open their cross-continental journey, the A’s recovered by taking two of three in Tampa Bay and two of three from the Blue Jays. Photo       Reds starter Johnny Cueto struck out a season-high nine in seven shutout innings.  Credit             Al Behrman/Associated Press           RAYS 4, ROYALS 1 Jeff Niemann (7-4) won his sixth consecutive decision, Ben Zobrist had a two-run triple and host Tampa Bay completed a four-game sweep with a victory over Kansas City. Tampa Bay starts a key six-game trip Friday against the Yankees and then the Red Sox.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Rays started the day eight and a half games behind the A.L. wild-card-leading Yankees and trail the A.L. East-leading Red Sox by nine and a half games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CARDINALS 5, BREWERS 2 Albert Pujols kicked off a 4-for-4 night with a solo homer and host St. Louis beat Milwaukee to avoid a three-game sweep. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    St. Louis pulled within four games of National League Central-leading Milwaukee, which has won 13 of 15. The Cardinals are the only team to beat the Brewers during their hot streak.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Pujols entered with five hits in 42 at-bats against the Brewers. He ended the slide with a drive in the first against Yovani Gallardo (13-8), tying him with his teammate Lance Berkman for the N.L. lead with 28 homers. Pujols added two singles against Gallardo, who lasted only five innings.REDS 2, ROCKIES 1 Johnny Cueto and two relievers made a pair of first-inning runs stand up and host Cincinnati salvaged a split of its four-game series.Cueto, who blamed bad chicken wings for an upset stomach while pitching a season-low three and two-thirds innings in his last start at Wrigley Field, bounced back to throw three-hit ball for seven shutout innings. He took over the National League lead in earned run average, lowering his mark from 2.06 to 1.94.Cueto (8-5) struck out a season-high nine, including Carlos Gonzalez with the bases loaded to end the fifth inning, walked two and hit a batter.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CUBS 4, NATIONALS 3 Aramis Ramirez and Carlos Pena hit back-to-back home runs to help host Chicago rally past Washington. Ramirez’s two-run shot in the seventh was his 21st of the season and gave him 16 homers since June 25, the most in the major leagues since then.  A version of this article appears in print on August 12, 2011, on Page B14 of the New York edition with the headline: Verlander and Tigers Avoid Sweep, Taking 3-Game Lead Over Indians.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Does Orioles legend Cal Ripken Jr. own a white horse?August 11, 2011|By Matt VenselIt seems as if the stars are aligning for Orioles legend Cal Ripken Jr. to join the team's front office, and a little bit of star power would go a long way for Orioles fans who are desperate to watch a winning team.You’ve no doubt read that Ripken told The Baltimore Sun on Tuesday that he has an "itch to come back to the big league scene" or you heard about it elsewhere. Ripken might get a chance to scratch it this offseason.The contract of Orioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail will expire at season’s end, and even though owner Peter Angelos said this spring that he expects him to return, MacPhail has given no indication that he plans on accepting the invitation. If he bolts Baltimore, the Orioles will need to hire a new general manager to finish MacPhail’s rebuilding plan -- or lay the foundation of yet another one. var adSkipCounter = 0; There is speculation that manager Buck Showalter would be interested in moving to the front office, but the Orioles are best-served with him in the dugout. They’re not going to get a manager better than him.This is where Cal comes riding in on a white horse -- or at least he does in the daydreams of fed-up fans.Ripken has been waiting for empty-nest syndrome to kick in before his talks with Angelos about the Orioles get really serious, and it's still another year until his son goes to college. But if the organization has to reshape its front office this winter, now is the perfect time for him to stick his foot in the Warehouse.After 14 straight losing seasons, the Orioles need a return to the Oriole Way. Ripken knows a thing or two about that. Bringing his reputation and expertise back into the organization will go a long way with Orioles fans, and it could improve the on-field product the way Nolan Ryan has with the Texas Rangers.Ripken has a preference for a front office role opposed to an on-field position, and he told The Baltimore Sun that the Orioles are moving in the right direction under the leadership of Showalter and MacPhail."You can see the strides they're making," Ripken said Tuesday. "You can see the talent they're assembling. You can see the alignment that goes on, and then actually playing the game, you have to start to develop a chemistry with that group of players. And at some point, you have to expect success.”If MacPhail doesn’t want to return, Ripken might be the Ironman who can help them achieve it.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    College Football |                            Analysis                                                             The Only Thing That Rules College Football Is Anarchy  By PETE THAMELAUG. 13, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Commissioner Mike Slive could help the SEC gain in television revenue by adding Texas A&M and another team.  Credit             Dave Martin/Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  No one is in charge.For all the billions of dollars, millions of fans and boundless passion that surround college football, that has always been its glaring and bizarre flaw. No one is looking out for the greater good of the game. No one is guiding the sport toward long-term prosperity and short-term sensibility. No one is building consensus and channeling all of the ratings, financial success and popularity toward an outcome that is positive for everyone in the sport.And with the conference plate tectonics poised to shift with Texas A&M’s possible move to the Southeastern Conference, the college sports world finds itself, yet again, panicking about a major paradigm change.Imagine if the Kansas City Chiefs could cause upheaval in the N.F.L. or the Baltimore Orioles could force a major realignment in Major League Baseball. That is the situation college football appeared to find itself in Friday, just hours after Mark Emmert, the president of the N.C.A.A., proclaimed that the university presidents, not the conference commissioners, were calling the shots in college athletics.Will the great conference land rush that nearly happened in 2010 come to fruition in 2011? No one is sure. But the relative calm of the past nine months ended on Friday, with Texas A&M finally finding national relevance by preparing to sprint out of the Big 12 like a kindergartner whose lunch money was taken. That means the SEC will probably search for another team —  Virginia Tech? Florida State? Clemson? — and the Big 12, the Big East and the Atlantic Coast Conference will be circling the wagons and reaching for the antacid. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The same forces that drove expansion in 2010 —  ego and money —  have re-emerged this summer. Only in this era of college sports could a university like Texas A&M prompt potential seismic changes in the landscape. Consider that the Aggies’ last Big 12 title in football was in 1998 and their lone bowl victory since 1995 came in the Galleryfurniture.com Bowl. But as they walk the plank to be devoured in the SEC — hello, Louisiana State, Alabama and Auburn — at least Texas A&M’s leaders can revel in having the college sports world breathlessly follow them for a few days in August.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  If, as expected, the Texas A&M System board of regents approves the move Monday, it will be the first step in what numerous longtime observers of college sports view as a calculated money grab by the SEC commissioner, Mike Slive. With the Big Ten and the Pacific-12 having moved ahead of the SEC in terms of television revenue, Slive’s move to take Texas A&M, and inevitably another university, will allow the league to close the financial gap. By adding two teams, Slive should get the league significantly more money in a renegotiation with ESPN, though the network’s lack of competition during the negotiations will limit Slive’s leverage and prevent a blockbuster.That leaves the Big 12 reeling once again. Its athletic directors and presidents have resolved to keep the league together, but it is hard to imagine a league with Texas, Oklahoma and a group of football also-rans thriving and demanding huge television contracts.Give credit to Oklahoma’s athletic director, Joe Castiglione, who shunned the prospect of more money from the SEC on the basis of principle and common sense. The principle — ignored by Texas A&M — stems from the agreements made last year between the remaining Big 12 teams after Colorado left for the Pac-12 and Nebraska bolted for the Big Ten. The common sense comes from knowing that the Big 12 still offers the most realistic path to the Bowl Championship Series title game.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Texas A&M, meanwhile, will face a harsh reality on the field in the SEC, where it is light years from being competitive, and perhaps on the recruiting trail, where the local talent pool will be raided after recruiters from its new league are given an opening in Houston. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    The new incarnation of the Big 12 unraveled quickly, awkwardly and publicly in 2011. The divisive issue was Texas’ new television channel, the Longhorn Network, which drove a wedge between the Longhorns and the rest of the league before showing a minute of programming. (In what could be a summation of the current landscape of college athletics, ESPN created the Longhorn Network, which helped force Texas A&M to leave the Big 12, and now ESPN will probably have to pay the SEC millions more because the league is adding Texas A&M.)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Texas A&M’s departure from the Big 12 would dull some of the cattiness in a league in which unequal revenue sharing has always been an issue. The league will need to decide whether it wants to fortify by adding one team or three, with Brigham Young, Louisville and Houston as potential targets.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Big Ten and the Pac-12, which both have stability and financial security, do not appear likely to respond to the SEC’s move. Still, it is hard not to see this shift by Texas A&M as part of the creep toward four 16-team superconferences that so many around college sports see as inevitable.The A.C.C. is nervous that Slive will snatch a marquee university, even with the understanding among SEC presidents that the league would not add a university from a state that already includes an SEC team — which would seem to rule out Florida State. The Big East, which still bears the scars from the departures of Miami, Virginia Tech and Boston College, is nervous that the A.C.C. will respond by raiding it again.While the SEC flexes its muscles and Texas A&M enjoys its stroll on the college sports catwalk, the entire enterprise of college sports has been shaken.Once again, tradition and common sense have given way to television money and ego.Once again, any incremental progress the N.C.A.A. attempts to make in regards to reform is overshadowed.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  And once again, it is painfully obvious that no one is looking out for what is best for all of college sports. And for all of college football’s success and prosperity, that has many people wondering whether the sport is really headed in the right direction.    A version of this news analysis appears in print on August 14, 2011, on Page SP9 of the New York edition with the headline: The Only Thing That Rules College Football Is Anarchy.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage       SEC Presidents to Discuss Texas A&M;’s Admission AUG. 13, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' J.J. Hardy is congratulated by Nolan Reimold after hitting a two-run home run against the Detroit Tigers in the second inning of a baseball game. Friday, Aug. 12, 2011, in Baltimore. Reimold scored on the hit. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — More often than not, the middle of the Detroit Tigers' lineup will handle the brunt of the offense.Sometimes, though, the Tigers will have to depend on the other guys to produce the hits and runs necessary to win.Such was the case against the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night, when Wilson Betemit homered and rookie Andy Dirks had a career-high four hits in a 5-4 victory.Betemit, the No. 9 hitter, had three hits. Dirks went 4 for 4 with a walk and singled in the tiebreaking run in the sixth inning."That's what a club needs to win games," manager Jim Leyland said. "It's nice when you get contributions from everybody. In the end, the big bats are going to carry you, but it's always nice when some other guys chip in."Acquired in a July 20 trade with Kansas City, Betemit had three hits and is 9 for 17 in his last five games. Since the trade, he's batting .347 with two homers, three doubles and 10 RBIs.Dirks, meanwhile, finds himself in the pennant race after spending last season with Double-A Erie and Triple-A Toledo."Once you get out on the field you don't feel like a rookie," he said. "You're just like any other player and you do what you can to help the team win."Alex Avila had two hits and scored twice to help the first-place Tigers maintain their three-game lead over Cleveland in the AL Central."It's a team game and everybody has to contribute and do their part," Dirks said. "That's what makes a good ballclub. You can't count on just a few guys to carry you every night."Detroit received 3 2-3 innings of one-hit relief from a stellar bullpen that has an 0.84 ERA over the last eight games.J.J. Hardy hit two homers, but his third multihomer game of the season was not enough to prevent Baltimore from losing for the eighth time in 10 games. Hardy has 23 homers this season, three short of matching his career high."I think we battled," Hardy said. "They just came out on top."Detroit went up 5-4 in the sixth. Austin Jackson hit a leadoff double off Troy Patton (0-1) and Dirks followed with an RBI single.Jackson helped preserve the lead with a leaping catch at the top of the center-field wall on a drive by Adam Jones.Brad Penny (8-9) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings to snap a personal three-game losing streak."I didn't have the command I normally have," Penny said. "We won, and that's all I care about."Jose Valverde, the last of three Detroit relievers, worked the ninth for his 34th save in 34 tries.Orioles starter Alfredo Simon gave up four runs, 11 hits and three walks in 4 2-3 innings. He has yielded 21 hits in his last two outings.Betemit's fifth homer of the season, after Avila led off the fourth with a single, put Detroit ahead 4-2. The Tigers could have had more, but right fielder Nick Markakis threw out Jackson trying to score on a fly ball and first baseman Chris Davis made a diving snag of a two-out grounder by Victor Martinez with two runners on.Hardy hit his second homer of the game in the fifth, Jones doubled and Vladimir Guerrero broke a 1-for-24 slump with an RBI single to tie it at 4.That, however, would be Baltimore's final run.Miguel Cabrera put Detroit up 1-0 in the first with an RBI single, but Simon got Jhonny Peralta to hit into an inning-ended double play with the bases loaded.Orioles manager Buck Showalter shook up the lineup in an effort to get more production from an offense held under four runs in seven of its previous 11 games. Nolan Reimold batted leadoff and Guerrero was dropped a notch from the cleanup spot for the first time this season. Reimold became the sixth different player to bat atop the order, including Brian Roberts, who hasn't played since May 16 because of a concussion.Showalter's hunch was promptly rewarded. Reimold drew a first-inning walk and Hardy followed with a drive to left for a 2-1 lead.A sacrifice fly by Jackson tied it in the second.NOTES: Tigers reliever Al Alburquerque received a concussion when struck by a ball during batting practice. He was placed on the 7-day concussion DL after the game. ... Magglio Ordonez snapped an 0-for-14 skid with a first-inning single, and in the bottom half Mark Reynolds singled to end his 0-for-17 slide. ... Detroit will send Max Scherzer (11-7) to the mound Saturday night against the Orioles, who will counter with Jeremy Guthrie (5-15). Scherzer is one win short of matching his career high, and Guthrie is 3-1 with a 2.62 ERA in five lifetime starts against the Tigers. ... Orioles RHP Jake Arrieta had successful surgery Friday to remove a bone spur from his right elbow. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Bordick becomes 49th member of Orioles Hall of FameSure-handed shortstop played six seasons with O'slong-time trainer also honoredAugust 13, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunMike Bordick, who was part of an infield that included Rafael Palmeiro and Hall of Famers Roberto Alomar and Cal Ripken Jr., was fine with being consistently overshadowed by his higher-profile teammates.However, the sure-handed shortstop, who played 739 games with the Orioles over parts of six seasons from his 1997 to 2002, had his day in the spotlight as he became the 49th member of the organization's Hall of Fame in a ceremony before tonight's game against the Detroit Tigers."I had great teammates," Bordick said. "They were great examples for me every day on how to play the game the right way. The Orioles have established a great tradition here. When I took the field in Baltimore, I tried to copy that great tradition and follow the Oriole way every day." var adSkipCounter = 0; Bordick has the third highest fielding percentage (.982) among shortstops with at least 1,000 games played in Major League history, and in 2002, he had the best defensive season for a shortstop in Major League history, setting a record for highest fielding percentage (.998), fewest errors (one) and consecutive errorless games (110).Bordick, 46, is now in his second season coaching in the Orioles organization as coordinator of offensive fundamentals. Most recently he has served as the team's bullpen coach."I've been such a fan of Bordy as a player. A lot of times you get to deal with a guy one-on-one, and you have a perception of him and you get your bubble burst. He's better than I thought he was and I know exactly why he's had the success that he did," said Orioles manager Buck Showalter. "I love him. I think he's special, I think he's got a bright future. I think he's going to be a star at coaching, managing, anything that he wants to do."Long-time head athletic trainer Richie Bancells was also honored as the17th recipient of the Herb Armstrong Award, given to non-uniformed personnel who have made significant contributions to the ballclub and the game of baseball.Bancells is in his 24th seasons as the Orioles' head athletic trainer, his 28th year with the big league club and his 35th in the organization."When I look at the past Herb Armstrong award winners, this is a group of people that I've worked with and admired," Bancells said.NOTES: Triple-A Norfolk left-hander Brian Matusz remains likely to be promoted to start Tuesday in Oakland. … Starter Zach Britton (left shoulder strain) will pitch for Single-A Frederick on either Monday or Tuesday, and is tentatively scheduled to be activated from the disabled list and pitch Saturday or Sunday in Anaheim, Calif. … Minor league infield coordinator Bobby Dickerson will take over bullpen coaching duties from Bordick during the West Coast trip … Third baseman Mark Reynolds, who started 115 of the Orioles' first 116 games, was not in the starting Saturday. … Detroit Tigers reliever Al Alburquerque, who was hit in the side of the head by a Robert Andino liner during batting practice Friday, was released Saturday from University of Maryland Hospital after being diagnosed with a concussion. Albuquerque will be driven back to Detroit.jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.comtwitter.com/jeffzrebiecsunOrioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie throws against the Detroit Tigers in the first inning of a baseball game on Saturday, Aug. 13, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Many times this season, Jeremy Guthrie had every right to bemoan the lack of offensive support he received from the Baltimore Orioles.In his latest loss, he could only blame himself.Guthrie fell apart in the sixth inning, yielding six consecutive two-out hits in a 6-5 loss to the Detroit Tigers on Saturday night.Guthrie (5-16) was handed a 5-0 lead in the second, a rarity in a season in which he received 3.58 runs per game, the ninth-lowest run support in the AL.He took a two-hitter and a 5-1 lead into the sixth, and then it all came apart. He retired the first two batters before Magglio Ordonez doubled and Miguel Cabrera hit the next pitch over the right-field wall. Victor Martinez and Jhonny Peralta followed with singles, and Alex Avila hit a ground-rule double on a 3-0 pitch to cut the deficit to 5-4.Ryan Raburn concluded the onslaught and chased Guthrie by grounding a two-run single up the middle."Early in the game he was getting ahead and getting us to chase pitches that he wanted," Raburn said of Guthrie. "That inning we more or less made him throw the pitches we wanted to hit and got ahead in the count. I was able to hit a mistake."Guthrie was exceptional for 5 2-3 innings. Then he wasn't."Just centered a lot of balls," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said."I thought a portion of them were executed pretty well and they just were able to put a good swing on them anyway," Guthrie said. "But certainly there were some that caught a lot of the plate as well."In absorbing his major-league leading 16th defeat, Guthrie failed to go seven innings for the first time in six starts since July 14.Rookie Blake Davis hit his first major league homer and Vladimir Guerrero also connected for the Orioles, who have lost nine of 11. By dropping the first two games of the three-game set, Baltimore is 0-12-1 in its last 13 series since June 26.Adam Jones led off the Baltimore second with a single and Guerrero followed with his 10th home run, the first since July 30. Matt Wieters singled and advanced on an error by Raburn, who fielded a grounder at second base and made an errant flip to shortstop Peralta with his glove.One out later, Davis hit a three-run, opposite-field drive that barely cleared the glove of leaping left fielder Andy Dirks. The ball bounced back onto the field from beyond the wall, and the umpires reviewed the hit on a replay before deeming it a home run."I had no idea," Davis said. "I just saw the guy jump up and it looked like it hit off his glove and bounced back so I kept running around the bases. I didn't know until some guys checked-in on the video and they said it was for sure a home run."It was his first long ball in 53 at-bats and the highlight of Baltimore's first five-run inning since July 18."It's pretty awesome," Davis said.Four innings later, however, the Tigers put together a string of six consecutive hits in what would turn out to be their biggest comeback victory of the season.Detroit's previous biggest rally-to-win performance was from three runs down. This victory enabled the Tigers to maintain their three-game edge over Cleveland in the AL Central."The guys didn't quit. I'm proud of them," Leyland said. "This could have been a tough game for them."Cabrera finished with three RBIs for the Tigers, whose last eight wins have all been by one run — a club record.Max Scherzer (12-7) got the victory despite yielding five runs in the second inning. The right-hander gave up four earned runs and seven hits over seven innings, striking out a season-high 10 and walking none.Scherzer finished his outing by striking out J.J. Hardy with two outs and two on. Walking off the mound after his 120th pitch, he emphatically pounded his fist into his glove.The 12 wins matches his career high for a single season, set last year.Phil Coke worked a perfect eighth and Jose Valverde got three outs for his 35th save in 35 tries.NOTES: Detroit RHP Al Alburquerque was released from the hospital with a concussion after being struck by a line drive during batting practice on Friday. He was to be driven back to Detroit on Sunday because doctors advised him not to fly. ... Former Baltimore SS Mike Bordick was formally inducted into the Orioles Hall of Fame in a pregame ceremony. ... Ordonez is 7 for 13 lifetime against Guthrie. ... Detroit will send Doug Fister (4-12) to the mound Sunday looking for a sweep. The Orioles will counter with Jo-Jo Reyes, making his second start for Baltimore since being acquired on waivers from Toronto. 
6  Norfolk was PPD. Bowie defeated the New Britain Rock Cats 8-5. Xavier Avery was 0-4 with a strikeout, Greg Miclat was 1-4 with a run, L.J. Hoes was 2-3 with 3 runs and an RBI and Joe Mahoney was 3-3 with 2 doubles and 3 RBI. A forgettable night for Pedro Florimon, who was caught stealing and was charged with an error. I just returned from watching the Keys beat the Winston Salem Dash 6-1. It was a tailor made viewing experience for yours truly as Kipp Schutz, Jonathan Schoop and Rick Zagone all had good performances. Schutz was 2-4 with a double and a homer, Schoop was 3-5 with a double and two runs driven in and Zagone shut out the Dash over 6 innings giving up 2 hits and allowing two walks against 5 Ks. Manny Machado was 0-5, but looked good in the field. Baby Sarge also looked pretty impressive in the field, had a steal and scored both times he got on base. Randy Henry struck out two in two innings of work and allowed a run. The Shorebirds were shutout by the Suns 2-0. Nothing to see here on offense (one walk, one hit), but Jarrett Martin turned in a solid performance (7 IP/1 ER/1 BB/6 K). The GCL O's beat the  GCL Rays 2-1 in extra innings. Rod Bernadina and Jerome Pena were both 0-4 and Gabriel Lino was 2-4 with a double and Johnny "Don't Call Me Rudy" Ruettiger continued his real life pepper game in the Gulf Coast League picking up two more hits. Sebastian Vader struck out 4 in five innings and Dustin Ward did the same in two innings of work.    The DSL O's were awarded the win over the DSL D'backs in an abbreviated game at Boca Chica Baseball City. Hector Veloz was 2-4 with a double and Byron Capellan was 1-3 with two runs knocked in and a steal. It's also looking ugly in Aberdeen. Matt Hobgood has pitched 1.1 innings allowing 6 runs while giving up two hits and four walks. He also threw a wild pitch. The defense has had four errors. UPDATE The game was mercifully called after 8 innings and Aberdeen losing 8-2. Glynn Davis and Dudley Leonora finished the evening without getting on base. Mychal Givens was 1-4 with a strikeout and one of the four defensive miscues and Connor Narron was 3-3 a double, a steal, two runs driven and an error. Alex Schmarzo was the only Ironbirds pitcher to finish the night unblemished, allowing only two hits while striking out 2 in 2.2 innings. He generated 4 groundouts to one air out.  
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Matt Wieters (32) is congratulated at the dugout after hitting a home run off Oakland Athletics' Gio Gonzalez during the second inning of a baseball game Monday, Aug. 15, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Ben Margot)MoreOAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Baltimore right-hander Tommy Hunter finally has his first win with his new club thanks primarily to an old pitch he's grown comfortable throwing in key situations.Hunter worked out of a two-on, no-out jam in the second inning, then held on as the Orioles scored four runs in the seventh and one in the ninth to beat the Oakland Athletics 6-2 on Monday night."The cutter saved me again," said Hunter, who had been winless in two previous starts for the Orioles after arriving on July 30 as part of a trade from Texas. "It's like you keep it in your back pocket until you need it. It is something that's been a big factor in games for the last couple of years, so why not use it."Hunter (2-2) allowed two runs over 6 2-3 innings with three strikeouts and one walk. He pitched with runners on base in every inning and gave up 10 hits overall but kept the damage to a minimum.A reliever with the Rangers, Hunter did his best work after Oakland strung together four straight hits to open the second.Josh Willingham singled and scored on David DeJesus' double to left center. Brandon Allen followed with a base hit before Cliff Pennington's RBI single gave Oakland a 2-1 lead.Hunter then fell behind in the count to Kurt Suzuki, 3-1, before getting the A's catcher to ground into a 6-4-3 double play. Eric Sogard followed with a fly out to left."A lot of guys might cave in there, but that double play ball was probably as big a pitch as there was in the game," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "(Hunter) was the difference. He's a horse. You can tell why we like him."The news got even better for Baltimore when the team announced it has agreed to terms with first-round pick Dylan Bundy on a $6.25 million, five-year contract. Bundy was the fourth overall pick in the draft.Shortly after the deal was announced, the Orioles broke the game open in Oakland by scoring four times in the seventh.Robert Andino hit a go-ahead bases-loaded double in the inning while Josh Bell added a two-run single to help the Orioles pick up a rare road victory.Matt Wieters and Mark Reynolds also both homered to help the Orioles begin a 10-game road trip with a victory following a 3-7 homestand.DeJesus doubled and scored while Brandon Allen matched his career high of three hits for the A's, who have dropped four straight."We got some good at bats against (Hunter) but he seemed to bear down a little more when he felt the threat," said Allen, who is 6 for 8 since getting called up from the minors Saturday. "They were able to get the big hits and we weren't."The Orioles managed only two hits off Oakland left-hander Gio Gonzalez (9-11) through the first six innings before the outburst in the seventh.Adam Jones and Vladimir Guerrero both singled before Gonzalez walked Wieters to load the bases. After a strikeout, Andino greeted reliever Fautino De Los Santos with a deep double over the head of center fielder Coco Crisp to drive in Jones and Guerrero.Bell, batting only .143 coming into the game, followed with a bouncing single up the middle. Wieters and Andino both scored easily to make it 5-2.It's only Baltimore's fourth win in its last 18 games on the road. The Orioles also won for just the second time in 14 games at the Oakland Coliseum since the start of the 2008 season.They did it with Hunter's pitching and solid defense behind him. In addition to the double play, Wieters also threw out Jemile Weeks trying to steal in the first inning, the 28th runner the Baltimore catcher has caught this season."You have to play defense when I pitch because I'm not going to strike many guys out," Hunter said. "Those guys went out and made plays tonight."Michael Gonzalez pitched 1 1-3 innings and Kevin Gregg worked the ninth.Oakland, outscored 23-8 while getting swept in a three-game series by Texas over the weekend, lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell a season-low 15 games under .500.Gonzalez took his fifth straight loss, giving up four runs and four hits while walking three to raise his majors-leading total to 72."It's always frustrating to come out of a game, especially when you leave runners on base," Gonzalez said. "My luck is turning a little bit and I just want to stay positive."Wieter's hit a 1-2 pitch from Gonzalez off the green cement facing high above the wall in center field with two outs in the second. The home run was Wieter's 11th of the season and first since July 17.Reynolds, who had been mired in a 1-for-28 slump with 14 strikeouts, homered off Trystan Magnuson in the ninth.Notes: The A's set an Oakland record with their 92nd consecutive game with two home runs or fewer. ... A's manager Bob Melvin expects Conor Jackson to be out a few days after the first baseman woke up with a sore neck. ... Baltimore INF Chris Davis was not in the starting lineup to rest a sore shoulder. ... 3B Josh Bell underwent a CAT scan on his left side which proved negative. ... LHP Brian Matusz (1-4) is expected to be recalled from Triple-A Norfolk to start for Baltimore on Tuesday night. Matusz, who carried a 0.56 ERA in his last two starts in the minors, is 2-2 lifetime against Oakland. RHP Guillermo Moscoso (5-6) will go for the Athletics. 
3 OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles have agreed to terms with first-round pick Dylan Bundy on a $6.25 million, five-year contract.Bundy, a right-hander who was the fourth overall selection out of Owasso High School in Oklahoma, was considered the top high school prospect in the draft after recording 111 strikeouts in 49 innings as a senior. The 6-foot-1, 200-pounder went 8-0 with one no-hitter and six one-hitters.The Orioles also announced they have signed second-round pick Jason Esposito and sixth-round pick Nick Delmonico. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Roberts plans to be part of Orioles' future'I'm doing everything I possibly can to get back on the baseball field,' second baseman saysAugust 16, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore Sun "Unfortunately, you can't always control the perception that is out there," Roberts said. "All of you can do is know that you are doing everything that you can. For me, in this instance, I'm doing everything I possibly can to get back on the baseball field. If the perception is out there that I'm not or for some unknown reason people have feelings that I don't want to play baseball, sure, that's very hard and hurtful for somebody that takes as much pride in playing the game as I do. As unfortunate as the incident was when I became injured, it was injury of passion because I care about the game, I care about the Orioles and I care about the team." Roberts did say he heard some "backlash" about his recent cancellation of "Brian's Bash," his annual charity event that benefits the University of Maryland Children's Hospital. Roberts, who had open-heart surgery as a young child, had hosted the event for the previous five years. When Roberts and his wife, Diana, realized they had to cancel it, they wrote a check to the hospital to make up for the lost money. "We got to the point where we realized it wasn't going to make sense for me, unfortunately, with the state of my concussion," Roberts said. "What people I think have to realize in the recovery of a concussion, your day-to-day routine, what you go through on a daily basis affects your recovery. Everything you do outside that routine presents an opportunity to take a step backward in that recovery. As important as the hospital is to us, my first priority is the Orioles, playing baseball and getting back on the field. We felt like the Bash was an opportunity to take a step backward with the change of routine, with the stimulation of the environment, the stress of the environment. We felt it was unfortunate that this was the only choice that we had at that point." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Roberts said he has no immediate plans to return to Baltimore or make any projections on when he'll play next. His only goal, he said, is to get through each day and put the concussion symptoms further behind him. "I think anybody who has ever been on the DL, unless it's a minor hamstring strain or something like that, anyone who has ever had an injury for two or three months, would be lying if they said they didn't have those thoughts in their mind at some point in the process," Roberts said when asked whether he considered at any point that his career could be over. "You have good days and bad days. When you're dealing with your brain, you have better days and worse days. I think I can properly say that [retirement] has crossed my mind at some point. I think once I gained more information and [understood] more of what was going on, the better I felt about the long-term prognosis." jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball appPrev | 1 | 2     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Arundel's Hibbs loses scholarship to Florida State after drug arrestHow a prominent black cemetery diedHow the city's nickname came to beAre you setting S.M.A.R.T. goals?Trying to clarify convection settingsThe old oyster R-month rule 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */(Page 2 of 2)Orioles notebook: Bell says playing every day 'just what I need'With C. Davis injured, third baseman figures to be regular in starting lineupAugust 17, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore Sun Delmonico, who was part of four state championship teams at Farragut High in Tennessee, had plenty of baseball role models growing up. His father, Rod, was the University of Tennessee's longtime baseball coach. His older brother, Tony, played on Florida State's College World Series team in 2008 before joining the Los Angeles Dodgers' organization. Another older brother, Joey, is heading into his senior season at Georgia, where Nicky Delmonico was planning to go before he decided to sign with the Orioles. "I grew up in the dugout at Tennessee, and I saw so many players come through and what it took to be successful," he said. "I learned a lot of things that I was very blessed to see when I was young. I think that helped me later on. It takes a lot of hard work. I'm going to try and stay humble as much as I can. I feel like I'm a great leader, a positive leader, a great teammate. Every time I get on the field, I'm going to give everything I have that day and really try to take in the moment." Around the horn J.J. Hardy's first-inning single broke an 0-for-18 slump. He was lifted from the game from the ninth inning for a pinch runner, and Showalter described him as a little "dead-legged." However, Hardy said his ankle is fine, though he acknowledged he's excited for the day off. … Nick Markakis' sixth-inning homer was his 13th of the season, surpassing his total from last season. … Second baseman Brian Roberts saw concussion specialist Dr. Michael Collins in Pittsburgh. Roberts said it was just a checkup, and neither he nor team officials expected any major developments. var adSkipCounter = 0;  jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball appPrev | 1 | 2     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Arundel's Hibbs loses scholarship to Florida State after drug arrestHow a prominent black cemetery diedHow the city's nickname came to beAre you setting S.M.A.R.T. goals?Trying to clarify convection settingsThe old oyster R-month rule 
0      Supported by    Sports  Regional Sports Networks Show the Money  By RICHARD SANDOMIRAUG. 19, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        In the 1970s, regional sports networks began to offer fans a new way to watch games on TV.The MSG Network was the first successful one, carrying the Knicks and the Rangers initially to a tiny audience. Dozens followed as teams moved more of their games from free broadcast stations to cable.Now, these cable networks have grown so big that they have evolved into the primary local outlets on which to see professional teams play and increasingly powerful factors in an array of major sports deals.They are, for instance, critical in the sales of professional teams and the financial growth of college conferences. And one such network is at the center of the dispute with Major League Baseball that led the Los Angeles Dodgers to tumble into bankruptcy.Another was deemed so valuable by the Mets that their owners refused to part with a piece of it when they decided they urgently needed cash. They decided, instead, to sell a part of the actual team. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      There is a good reason for all this: With a few exceptions, regional sports networks are money-printing operations that heavily promote the teams they carry and play on the loyalties and wallets of local fans.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “What you’re seeing, especially in professional sports, is the inherent value inside a team are its media rights,” said Chris Bevilacqua, a media consultant who devised the strategy for the Pacific-12 conference’s new suite of networks. “A prospective buyer looks at a team as if you’re buying a regional sports network that happens to have a team.”The value and influence of these networks can be appreciated in a variety of ways.Conferences Cash InFor decades, the Pac-10 was defined to a great degree by the 10 national championships won by John Wooden’s U.C.L.A. men’s basketball team and Southern California’s success in football. From Terry Baker to Matt Leinart, the conference’s universities produced nine Heisman Trophy winners. Games were seen on national networks and local channels, a formula long followed by college athletic conferences.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But Larry Scott, the conference’s commissioner, recently recognized that it could do much better. He decided to maximize television revenue by using natural regional rivalries among his conference’s universities to create an entire matrix of regional networks. One network went to U.C.L.A. and U.S.C. and another to Oregon and Oregon State. A third went to Washington and Washington State, a fourth to Arizona and Arizona State and a fifth to Stanford and California. A sixth will feature Colorado and Utah, whose additions turned the Pac-10 into the Pac-12 but have no historic rivalry.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “We have a national brand,” Scott said. “But at its core, college sports is local. It’s tribal.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Scott, if he might be the most ambitious in his exploitation of these regional networks, was hardly the first. He found his television template in the four-year-old network of the Big Ten Conference.Scott’s first trick was to secure a standard television deal, with two media giants that were eager to stay in business with the Pac-12 and could ensure a large, reliable flow of cash.ESPN and Fox Sports signed 12-year deals worth $3 billion which let Scott go for more. He carved out enough football and men’s and women’s basketball games from the ESPN and Fox deals to allow him to construct his six rivalry-based cable networks. The conference will own 100 percent of the six regional networks as well as a separate national one.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “The networks will be profitable from Day 1,” Scott said.The average regional sports network in 2010 had revenue of $137.8 million, reported SNL Kagan, a leading research firm. Atop the list was the Yankees’ YES Network, at $435.2 million. But the Big Ten’s take was hardly chump change — $227.1 million.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Indeed, the lucrative nature of regional networks for certain individual colleges can be intimidating enough to force rivals to contemplate radical action.For instance, the University of Texas, in an effort to exert its influence, created the Longhorn Network. The network is entirely owned by ESPN — which also owns the conference’s TV rights — and will pay the university at least $10.9 million annually. The network, which goes on the air Aug. 26, has riled some of the Longhorns’ rivals in the Big 12 Conference. And one, Texas A&M, views it with enough suspicion to consider leaving the conference, though its bid to join the Southeastern Conference has ended for now.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story   Satisfying the OriolesMajor League Baseball knew in 2004 that its plan to move the Montreal Expos to Washington, D.C., was angering Peter Angelos, the owner of the Baltimore Orioles. A personal injury lawyer known for litigating asbestos cases, Angelos feared that he would lose business to the team, now the Nationals, if he shared the Baltimore market with them. It was clear to baseball that he would sue if he was not placated.The solution, reached after six months of negotiations, was an unusual one that proved just how valuable regional networks had become. It featured the creation of a new network, solely to make Angelos happy. Or at least mollified.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “If we hadn’t reached a resolution with him, there is no doubt in my mind he would have sued,” said Bob DuPuy, baseball’s former president and chief operating officer. “He told my people he would sue and his professional background suggested that he was willing to sue.”The Mid-Atlantic Sports Network, then, was formed to carry the Orioles and the Nationals. Angelos got 90 percent of the network, an interest that is being diminished a bit each year, and $75 million from baseball for a 10 percent stake that it gave to the Nationals. But Angelos’s stake will never go below two-thirds.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Marc Ganis, a sports consultant who advised Angelos, said that Angelos was astonished at how lucrative a regional network could be. He recalled showing Angelos a sheet of paper estimating the fees from subscribers that could be reaped from a regional network with two teams. “I went through the numbers and assumptions with him line by line, which he challenged until he was satisfied they were correct,” Ganis said. Photo       U.C.L.A. and Arizona State are among the Pac-12 teams that will benefit from the conference's deal involving multiple networks.  Credit             Jae C. Hong/Associated Press           SNL Kagan estimated that the network’s revenue should hit $158.7 million this year.Sometimes even the threat to create one’s own network can constitute great leverage for a professional sports team.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  For instance, when the San Francisco Giants floated the idea of creating a cable network, Comcast, the cable giant that was already broadcasting their games on its CSN Bay Area network, gave the club one-third ownership, as well as $100 million as an advance on a much-richer new local rights deal. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “No matter where you are on rights, you don’t know where things will be in 10 or 20 years,” said Laurence Baer, the Giants’ president. “If you own a piece of the network, you have a hedge.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In another instance, the buyers of the Texas Rangers felt comfortable paying $593 million in bankruptcy court because they had a $3 billion extension with Fox Sports Southwest in hand that provided a $180 million upfront payment. Fox’s willingness to pay so much arose from its desire to keep the Rangers and the Dallas Mavericks from starting a network with Comcast.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Fox even floated a rumor that it wanted to buy the Rangers to make sure it held on to the TV rights.Focus on DodgersThe story lines this season concerning the Los Angeles Dodgers have only incidentally been about the skills of the rookie manager Don Mattingly or the terrific season of center fielder Matt Kemp.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Instead, the dominant themes in 2011 for the once-storied franchise, which plays in an aging gem of a stadium, have been the club’s descent into bankruptcy and a local TV melodrama involving Fox Sports’s ability to keep televising Dodgers games on Prime Ticket, one of its two Los Angeles regional networks.The tale, really, is one of mutual desperation: the team’s need for cash and Fox’s need to keep the Dodgers from leaving.The drama began last year when Frank McCourt, the Dodgers’ owner, contemplated starting a regional network anchored by the team after his deal with the Prime Ticket ended in 2013. It was a bold notion, and Fox was concerned about the threat. The Dodgers were a vital presence on their network. The network was about to lose its future rights to carry the Lakers on Fox Sports West, its other regional channel.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But in the wake of his nasty divorce proceedings and a severe cash crunch, McCourt, rather than taking on Fox, turned to the network, which was willing to help save him — and help itself.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Fox paid McCourt an advance on his 2011 rights, loaned him $30 million and would have gone further but Commissioner Bud Selig, eager to be rid of McCourt, rejected its offer to let McCourt borrow $200 million more. McCourt insisted that Selig’s animosity toward him — he cited as evidence Selig’s rejection of Fox’s offer to buy the team’s cable rights for 17 years for at least $2 billion, with $385 million upfront — caused the team’s bankruptcy.But McCourt now has a financial breather of sorts, if he stays afloat long enough to capitalize on it.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  A bankruptcy court judge has approved baseball’s plan to lend the Dodgers $150 million through November 2012, which could let McCourt do what Selig told him he should have all along: sell his future TV rights in a competitive market.And in an auction between Fox and Time Warner Cable, which will reportedly pay the Lakers as much as $3 billion over 20 years starting in 2012, the Dodgers could be big winners.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “If the Lakers are getting $2 million to $2.5 million a game for about 70 games a season,” said Lee Berke, a TV consultant, “imagine what the Dodgers could generate with 130 to 150 games?”Asset for the MetsFred Wilpon and Saul Katz, the owners of the Mets, had long insisted they had no interest in selling their team, or any portion of it, for any reason. It was a family treasure, and the idea was to keep it wholly owned well into the future.Then the men were seriously short of cash and were hit by $1 billion lawsuit by the trustee for the victims of Bernard L. Madoff’s fraud.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Wilpon and Katz made a choice, and a revealing one. They would sell a piece of their cherished team. What they would not sell was a piece of their cable network. And the reasons were fairly stark: the Mets lose money (maybe as much as $70 million this year); the network that carries their games mints it.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The network, known as SNY, and Citi Field, the ballpark that opened in 2009, were the twin foundations of cash that Wilpon and Katz envisioned in the early part of the century. They paid $54 million to escape their TV contract with MSG to form SNY with their partners, Comcast and Time Warner Cable, and they financed the ballpark mostly with tax-exempt bonds.But while revenue from Citi Field has fallen because of the Mets’ poor on-field performance the last three seasons, SNY’s flow of subscriber revenue steadily rises. SNY’s total revenue, including advertising, reached $227.7 million last year, according to SNL Kagan.David Einhorn, the hedge-fund manager and Mets fan who agreed in May to buy a third of the club, knew how lucrative SNY was and how unprofitable the team was. In a deal that has not been finalized, he agreed to pay $200 million for his third of the club.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  At the time, he said, “I’m not really interested in owning a TV station.”These days, in the rush to regional sports network riches, Einhorn is a throwback.  A version of this article appears in print on August 20, 2011, on Page D1 of the New York edition with the headline: Money Watch.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosLos Angeles Angels' Peter Bourjos is congratulated by teammates after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of their baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Saturday, Aug. 20, 2011, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)MoreANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Another dramatic victory by the Los Angeles Angels gave them another glimmer of hope that this season can still come to a happy ending.Bobby Abreu hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly to cap a three-run 12th inning and drove in two other runs with a double, leading the Angels to a 9-8 victory over Baltimore on Saturday night and reducing Texas' lead over them to five games in the AL West."I don't think like we felt that we were out of it tonight," said Mark Trumbo, whose two-run homer in the ninth inning Thursday night beat the Rangers and avoided a potentially crushing four-game sweep. "We got a little momentum going in the 12th inning, and that obviously helped. Hopefully we're just going to ride this into tomorrow and keep doing what we're doing."The Orioles took an 8-6 lead in the top of the 12th before Kevin Gregg (0-2) gave up a leadoff single to Erick Aybar in the bottom half and hit rookie Mike Trout. Hank Conger laid down a sacrifice bunt to third baseman Josh Bell, whose wild throw allowed Aybar to score.Bell then made a diving stop on Peter Bourjos' grounder in the hole, checked the runner at third and threw too late to get the speedy Bourjos."I played with him coming up through the minor leagues, so I knew he was fast," Bell said. "After I got the ball, I just wanted to make sure that the runner wasn't going. But he's really fast, so you've got to get rid of the ball."Gregg walked Alberto Callaspo to force in the tying run and Troy Patton gave up Abreu's scoring fly to deep center on a 1-1 pitch."Every time you come to the park, you expect the best. But things didn't go our way at the end," Bell said. "I don't like the outcome. You've got to put them away."Hisanori Takahashi gave up a one-out walk to Bell and a single to J.J. Hardy in the Orioles' 12th before retiring Nick Markakis on a popup. Manager Mike Scioscia then brought in Fernando Rodney, who gave up Adam Jones' single to right field and didn't bother to back up the plate as Hardy scored behind Bell on a throwing error by right fielder Torii Hunter. But Rodney (3-5) still ended up with the win.Takahashi gave up a leadoff single in the 11th to Baltimore's Matt Wieters before getting the force at second on a surprise bunt toward the mound by slugger Mark Reynolds — who has only two sacrifice bunts in his five-year career and none since July 26, 2008, with the Arizona Diamondbacks. Robert Andino then grounded into a double play."It wasn't my decision. He did it on his own," manager Buck Showalter said. "I'm not going to bunt him there with where we were in the order because I know what his capabilities are. I appreciate the fact that he was thinking from a team standpoint, but it didn't come from the dugout or the third base box. That's not what cost us the ballgame, so it's not something we're going to dwell on."Jones cut the Angels' lead to 5-4 in the fifth with a two-out homer, his 22nd this season and fourth on the road. Bourjos chased right-hander Tommy Hunter in the seventh with his seventh home run, but the Orioles tied it in the eighth with an RBI groundout by Vladimir Guerrero and Wieters' RBI single off closer Jordan Walden.The Angels turned a 3-1 deficit into a 5-3 lead in the third despite a botched call by third base umpire Doug Eddings. Bourjos started the four-run rally with his 13th bunt hit of the season and the 34th by the team. He advanced to third on Callaspo's single, and both runners scored on Abreu's opposite-field double over the head of left fielder Nolan Reimold.Trumbo followed with a line drive over third that hit the line, but Eddings called it foul. Scioscia ran out to argue, pointing several times to the spot where Trumbo's ball kicked up chalk, and the animated discussion carried on for a good while before play continued.TV replays showed that Eddings got it wrong, but on the next pitch Trumbo blooped Hunter's 2-2 delivery the other way over the head of first baseman Reynolds to drive in the go-ahead run. Howie Kendrick smacked the next pitch into the left-field corner, driving in Trumbo.Angels right-hander Joel Pineiro allowed four runs and nine hits over six innings, struck out two and did not walk a batter in his return to the rotation after a 2½ week stint in the bullpen. In his previous four starts, he was 0-3 with a 14.85 ERA that sent his season figure soaring to 5.31.Pineiro, getting a reprieve because of an injury to the guy who replaced him in the rotation — rookie Garrett Richards — gave up hits to seven of his first 10 batters and fell behind 3-0 in the second inning.Reimold, who didn't have an RBI in his first 38 career at-bats against Angels pitching, ended that drought with a run-scoring single. Hardy added an RBI double and Reimold scored on a groundout by Markakis."I wasn't worried at all. I felt if I kept us in the game, I knew these guys were going to put some runs up on the board," Pineiro said. "They put up three early, so I said: 'All right, let me see if I can hold them down and let the guys come back.' And that's what happened. I thought my sinker was really good today, so it's something positive to build on for my next start."The Angels loaded the bases with none out in the bottom half, but got only one run. Torii Hunter extended his hitting streak to 18 games with a leadoff single and scored on Aybar's double-play grounder.Tommy Hunter gave up six runs and 10 hits over 6 1-3 innings and did not strike out a batter in his fourth start for the Orioles, who acquired the 25-year-old right-hander in a trade with the Rangers on July 30. He was moved up in the rotation to fill in for Jeremy Guthrie, who is missing at least one turn because of shoulder stiffness.Notes: Eddings will always be remembered by Angels fans because of a controversial call he made in Game 2 of the 2005 AL championship series at Chicago, involving White Sox batter A.J. Pierzynski and a third strike that wasn't. It led to the winning run in the ninth inning, and the Angels eventually lost the series. To this day, Pierzynski gets booed every time he comes to bat at Angel Stadium. ... Walden was charged with his AL-worst ninth blown save opportunity in 35 chances. ... Jones is hitting an AL-best .356 with two outs in an inning. ... Hunter is 0-2 with a 15.42 ERA in three career starts at Angel Stadium. ... Abreu's double was his 546th, one shy of Manny Ramirez for 25th place on the career list. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles blow lead, fall to Angels in 12th inning, 9-8August 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec | Baltimore Sun reporterANAHEIM, Calif. — What should have been an uplifting victory turned into one of the most deflating losses of the season as closer Kevin Gregg and young third baseman Josh Bell played starring roles in a collapse that only these Orioles could make look so routine. Called on to protect a two-run lead in the 12th inning, Gregg didn't retire any of the five hitters that he faced and grudgingly handed the ball to manager Buck Showalter with the bases loaded and no outs and the game already tied. Bobby Abreu won it for the Angels with a sacrifice fly to deep center off Troy Patton, the 9-8 defeat further extending the misery of the Orioles, who have to wonder if they'll ever win a series again. "It's not devastating. I mean there are things devastating in your life, OK in the world. It's a tough loss for us, but we get to do it again -- we have to do it again -- around the corner," said Orioles manager Buck Showalter. "A lot of professional at-bats, a lot of things to be proud of, we just didn't get it done at the end." var adSkipCounter = 0;  The unsightly bottom of the 12th inning included Gregg allowing a leadoff single on a two-strike pitch to Erick Aybar, hitting Mike Trout with a wayward breaking ball, and walking Alberto Callaspo with the bases loaded to bring in the tying run. It also included Bell throwing away what should have been the inning's first out after fielding Hank Conger's sacrifice bunt. Bell's throw was high and wide of first baseman Mark Reynolds, bringing in a run and putting the tying run at third. Bell then failed to get an out after making a diving stop on Peter Bourjos' ground ball, taking too long to look the runner back to third and make the throw against a speedy baserunner. Those two gaffes by Bell were clearly Gregg's focus after the game, not his own struggles in blowing his fifth save in 22 opportunities. Gregg has now given up runs in three of his past four appearances. In two of those games, he's faced five or more hitters and not gotten an out. "You got to take care of the baseball," Gregg said. "Sacrifice bunt and you throw it away. You have Bourjos running down to first. You have to know about his speed. Obviously, a questionable call at first base. If both of those things are done, you're looking at a different situation. It's part of the game. You have to move forward." Bell, who had a forgettable night, going 0-for-4 with three strikeouts to go along with the defensive gaffes, did take some accountability. "Things like that can't happen in those situations," said Bell, acknowledging that he has to get rid of the ball on Bourjos' grounder sooner, and the errant throw on Conger's bunt slipped out of his hand. "You come to the park and you expect the best and things don't go your way at the end. We had them down at the end, we scored two runs. We just didn't finish it." As a result, the Orioles have lost seven consecutive one-run games. They've dropped four straight overall and they are a season-worst 29 games under .500 at 47-76. They now have eight different losing streaks of four games or more and they've assured themselves of a 15th straight winless series. They haven't won a series since taking two of three from the Cincinnati Reds from June 24 to 26. They haven't won a road series since taking two of three from the Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field May 13 to 15. Now, they're left trying to avoid a three-game sweep by the Angels Sunday. "It just sucks," said Orioles starter Tommy Hunter, who allowed six earned runs in 6 1/3 innings, and needed just two innings to squander a 3-0 lead created by the Orioles' three-run second inning off Angels right-hander Joel Pineiro. "There's no other word you can really put to it. When your team goes out and they fight for you, it's tough to be on the [losing end]. You look back at the first inning, the second inning, the third inning, what differences could have been made to where it doesn't even go to extra innings. And like I said, it all starts with your starter." Trailing 6-4 heading into the eighth inning, the Orioles tied the game against the Angels bullpen as Vladimir Guerrero followed consecutive singles by Nick Markakis and Adam Jones with an RBI groundout to bring the visitors within a run, and then Matt Wieters greeted All-Star closer Jordan Walden with a game-tying RBI single. The game then became a battle of the bullpens, and for five innings, the Orioles held up well. Michael Gonzalez got both batters that he faced, and then Jim Johnson relieved him and retired eight of nine batters. His three-inning outing was his longest since he went 3 1/3 to get a save against the New York Yankees on April 19, 2008. Chris Jakubauskas followed Johnson and pitched a perfect 11th inning. Meanwhile, the Orioles offense kept squandering scoring opportunities. The Orioles had the leadoff man on in the seventh, ninth, 10th and 11 innings and never scored. Three of those innings ended with double plays.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles notebook: Wieters 'comfortable' in first start at first baseShowalter says struggling Gregg will still be closerBell demoted to make room for AdamsAugust 21, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunANAHEIM, Calif. — The Orioles had perhaps their worst defensive game of the season in a 7-1 loss to the Los Angeles Angels on Sunday, and Matt Wieters' playing a new position had nothing to do with it. With Mark Reynolds out with a sore left ankle, manager Buck Showalter gave his regular catcher his first big league start at first base. It was an uneventful debut for Wieters, who wasn't hit a ground ball. "I felt comfortable," said Wieters, who accounted for the Orioles' only run with a seventh-inning homer. "Once you get out there and get the first couple of innings out of the way, it just gets back to playing baseball." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Wieters has carried around a first baseman's mitt for the past two seasons, and he often goes over to the position during batting practice to get work in. However, he hasn't played over there regularly since he was a freshman at Georgia Tech in 2005. The move was necessitated by Showalter's having only a two-man bench after Reynolds' collision with the Los Angeles Angels' Mike Trout on Saturday while trying to catch Josh Bell's errant throw. Reynolds said he was a little sore and expected to be in the lineup Monday. Showalter also opted to give Blake Davis his first big league start at third base, and that didn't work out well as the rookie infielder made two errors. Davis had started one game at third base this season for Triple-A Norfolk. "I felt bad for him but it's something where supposedly he's a utility guy and plays all over," Showalter said. "It was a tough day for him. There's been some really good players that have had a day similar to that, so I have a little empathy for that. But at the same time if you are going to do the things that Blake is going to have to do to play here, you have to be able to do those things." Gregg remains closer A night after Kevin Gregg failed to retire any of the five hitters he faced in blowing a two-run, 12th-inning lead, Showalter stood by his closer, but his endorsement wasn't as strong as it has been for much of the season. "My options are Kevin right now," Showalter said. "I just think we are where we are right now. Kevin is capable of doing the job, and he's done it better than he did it [Saturday] night. The walk totals have been higher than you'd like to see, but it's a fine line that you walk. I've been supportive of Kevin. I think everybody has. He's done some good things for us and he's pitched in some tough luck, and he'd be the first to tell you that some of it has been self-inflicted. We'll proceed as we are for the time being." Gregg has blown five of his 22 save opportunities. He has given up runs in three of his past four outings, and in two of those appearances, he failed to record an out despite facing five hitters or more. Jim Johnson, who threw three scoreless innings Saturday, his longest outing since April 19, 2008, would be the Orioles' best option to replace Gregg, but the club still plans to move him into the rotation before season's end. "I think you're robbing from Peter to pay Paul," Showalter said when asked about the timing of Johnson's move to the rotation. "Obviously, with the doubleheader coming up [Saturday], I'd hate to think of him [as] out of the bullpen picture up until that point." Adams up, Bell down Bell, who made two defensive gaffes in the 12th inning Saturday, was optioned to Norfolk after Sunday's game. Tides second baseman Ryan Adams will take Bell's spot on the roster and meet the team in Minnesota. Adams, 24, is batting .283 with 10 homers, 37 RBIs and five steals in 93 games for the Tides. He was with the Orioles earlier this season and went 5-for-23 (.217) with one RBI in nine games. With Reynolds entrenched at first base, the Orioles could use Adams at third or play him at second and have Robert Andino and Davis make starts at third. Bell batted .174 (8-for-46) with six RBIs in 17 games for the Orioles. Berken back to Baltimore Reliever Jason Berken, who has been dealing with right elbow soreness, will return to Baltimore and have a magnetic resonance angiogram performed on his sore right elbow. Berken got positive reports from his consultation Saturday with renowned orthopedist Dr. Lewis Yocum, but the Orioles want to get his elbow further examined. "[Yocum] said he could tell if there was something significantly wrong. I would have had pain or felt more than what I was feeling. So that was positive to know that," said Berken, who will be placed on the disabled list Monday to make room for starter Zach Britton. "But until we see the MRA and stuff, it's going to be the deciding factor in what's really going on there. But I think [Saturday] was a step in the right direction, at least." Around the horn Right-hander Jeremy Guthrie (right shoulder stiffness) threw a bullpen session Sunday and will start Wednesday in Minnesota. Britton will start Monday, followed by Alfredo Simon on Tuesday. … First baseman Chris Davis (right shoulder strain) has left the team to begin his rehabilitation program at the team's minor league complex in Sarasota, Fla. … Infielder Cesar Izturis (left groin strain) will start baseball activities Monday. … The ERA of Orioles starters in the first six games of this road trip is 6.70. … Angels designated hitter Torii Hunter got robbed of a home run by Adam Jones in the fourth inning Sunday and saw his 18-game hitting streak end. … In the three-game series against the Orioles, Angels center fielder Peter Bourjos went 9-for-16 with three home runs, five RBIs and five runs. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosLos Angeles Angels' Maicer Izturis, right, steals third after Baltimore Orioles shortstop Blake Davis misses the tag during the fourth inning of a baseball game in Anaheim, Calif., Sunday, Aug. 21, 2011. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)MoreANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — It'd been a long time since Jerome Williams started a game in the major leagues, even longer since he'd won one.Williams pitched seven stellar innings to get his first big league victory in almost six years, Peter Bourjos homered for the third straight game and Howie Kendrick also connected, leading the Los Angeles Angels over the Baltimore Orioles 7-1 Sunday for a three-game sweep."I feel like crying," Williams said while his 2-year-old son, Ty, sat perched in a folding chair next to him with the game ball in his hands. "It's been a long road. I'm just speechless. There was so much emotion out there. Being away from the game for a long time, I dedicated this to my mother and my family."Williams, a first-round draft pick by San Francisco in 1999, hadn't started a game in the majors since May 15, 2007, with Washington. He began this season with the Lancaster Barnstormers of the independent Atlantic League before signing a free agent contract with the Angels on June 16. He spent last season playing in Taiwan after leaving the Oakland Athletics."When I was in Taiwan last year, I never thought I would be here right now playing here," said Williams, who uses a pink glove to honor his late mother, who died of breast cancer. "I was thinking about quitting, but I forced myself not to. My family helped me out and told me to just keep on going and never give up. And it paid off."The difference was trusting myself and learning everything that I was supposed to learn back in the day," he added. "I was the type of guy that would nitpick everywhere, but now I'm just going after hitters."Williams (1-0) posted his first victory in the majors since Sept. 25, 2005, with the Chicago Cubs, after losing his previous eight decisions. The 29-year-old Hawaiian-born righty allowed a run and six hits over seven innings, struck out six and walked none. He also escaped a bases-loaded, none-out jam in the fourth, and was staked to a 7-0 lead before giving up a leadoff homer by Matt Wieters in the seventh."Everything was working," Williams said. "I was pounding the strike zone, and that's what I do. I got some ground balls and some strikeouts and let my defense play. I'm just trying to do everything I can to help this team win and get to the playoffs."The Angels' fourth straight victory, coupled with Texas' 10-0 loss at Chicago, put them within four games of the Rangers in the AL West race.Torii Hunter's hitting streak ended at 18 games (0 for 5) after Baltimore center fielder Adam Jones robbed him of a home run in the fourth — two batters after Bourjos extended the Angels' lead to 6-0 lead with a two-run shot. Bourjos became the second Angels player to homer in three straight games, along with Mark Trumbo, who did it in the final three before the All-Star break.Brian Matusz (1-6) threw 84 pitches over four innings, giving up six runs — five earned — and eight hits against an all right-handed lineup that included switch-hitters Maicer Izturis and Erick Aybar."His command got him into trouble today, and we didn't help matters defensively," manager Buck Showalter said.After watching rookie third baseman Josh Bell fail to execute two critical plays during the 12th inning of Saturday night's 9-8 loss, Showalter gave rookie second baseman Blake Davis his first start at third in the big leagues. Davis, who took some ground balls about 2 hours before gametime under the supervision of bench coach Willie Randolph, committed a fielding error on the first chance he had — a routine grounder toward the hole by Izturis leading off the first inning — and also made a throwing error in the eighth on an infield single by Bourjos."I felt bad for Blake because he's a utility guy who plays all over," Showalter said. "It was a tough day for him, but there's been some really good players who have had days similar to that. So I have a little empathy for that. But at the same time, if you're going to do the things that Blake's going to have to do to play here, he's going to have to do them."Davis wasn't the only Orioles player to start at a new position for the first time in the majors. Wieters shifted from catcher to first base in place of Mark Reynolds, who was banged up in a collision with Hank Conger as the Angels rookie ran out a bunt that Bell threw wildly to first during a 12th-inning rally on Saturday.The Orioles loaded the bases with none out in the fourth on singles by J.J. Hardy and Nick Markakis, followed by Jones' infield hit, but Vladimir Guerrero struck out on a sinker. Williams then a changeup that Wieters hit on the ground to first baseman Trumbo, who fielded it in the hole before starting an inning-ending 3-6-1 double play with Williams taking the relay from shortstop Aybar.NOTES: Angels starting pitchers have gone 20 2-3 innings without allowing a walk. ... Williams was moved into the rotation after struggling rookie RHP Tyler Chatwood was demoted to Triple-A Salt Lake. ... Ten of the 25 players on the Orioles' active roster have spent time in the minor leagues this season — not counting LHP Zach Britton, who is expected to be activated Monday to start the opener of a three-game series at Minnesota. The Orioles will place RHP Jason Berken on the 15-day DL Monday because of a sore elbow. ... Former Angels 1B Scott Spiezio became the sixth member of the Angels' 2002 World Series championship season to throw a ceremonial first pitch this season, as the club continues its 50th anniversary celebration. Former major leaguer Ed Spiezio caught the pitch from his son, who hit a dramatic three-run homer in Game 6 of the World Series against San Francisco with the Halos facing elimination. ... Sunday was the one-year anniversary of Bell's first two major league home runs — both against Cliff Lee in consecutive at-bats at Camden Yards.(This version CORRECTS Angels 7, Orioles 1. Corrects spellings in 5th and 13th paragraphs) 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Zach Britton throws to the Minnesota Twins during the first inning of a baseball game, Monday, Aug. 22, 2011, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Genevieve Ross)MoreMINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Given a second chance thanks to a fan in the front row wearing a Joe Mauer jersey, J.J. Hardy made the team that traded him in the offseason pay.Hardy homered, Zach Britton won for the first time in 10 weeks and the Baltimore Orioles snapped a five-game losing streak by beating the Minnesota Twins 4-1 on Monday night.Hardy broke a 1-all tie in the fifth inning with a line drive home run off Carl Pavano (6-10) that sailed over the left-field wall. Mauer, the Twins first baseman, had a play on a foul pop earlier in the at-bat, but couldn't make the catch when a fan wearing a Mauer jersey in the front row appeared to get in his way."Someone was saying he had a Hardy jersey on," the Baltimore shortstop said with a grin. "Any time you get a second chance, it's nice."Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, ejected in the eighth along with third baseman Danny Valencia, was quick to defend the fan after the game."You can't blame our fans for reaching up and trying to catch the ball," he said. "You can boo them, like I heard, but that ball's in the stands. That's not why we lost the game."Matt Wieters also homered, Ryan Adams added an RBI after being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk and Nick Markakis delivered an RBI double.Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 18th save.One of the few highlights for Minnesota was a spectacular catch by Ben Revere.The center fielder sprinted toward the wall after Vladimir Guerrero hit a ball to the deepest part of Target Field in the top of the seventh. As both feet hit the wall, Revere reached up with his glove, caught the ball and tumbled to the ground."I looked in to make sure it didn't come out," Revere said. "I was sort of like, I did! It didn't come out! Wow!"Britton (7-9) was activated from the disabled list before the game and made his first start since Aug. 4. The 23-year-old lefty allowed one run and six hits over five innings."It's good to get a win, but we needed it as a team," Britton said. "To come out and get the win on the first day here, it sets the tone for the next three games."Britton walked four and threw 98 pitches, but managed to get the best of Twins designated hitter Jim Thome, the newest member of baseball's 600-home run club.Thome failed to drive in a run with the bases loaded twice, flying out to left in the third and watching Britton's fastball catch the outside corner for strike three in the fifth."It was big," Britton said. "Any time you can get out of those situations, especially in a close game and especially on my first game back, to be able to get out of there where I haven't been able to in the past was pretty big."One day after getting shut out by the Yankees, Minnesota managed just a single run on Mauer's groundout in the third and lost for the 16th time in 21 games.The Twins could use Hardy's bat, but they traded the shortstop to Baltimore in the offseason for Jim Hoey and Brett Jacobson. Minnesota also was concerned about Hardy's oft-injured wrist.The wrist has been fine and Hardy has 24 homers and 60 RBIs, while Hoey posted a 7.71 ERA in 17 games with the Twins early in the season and Jacobson remains in the minors.Hardy did not have any extra bounce in his step while rounding the bases, and he refused to say anything negative about the Twins after the game."It's all the same. It's not like I'm going out there trying harder to try and prove a point," Hardy said. "It's just another game for me."Pavano pitched seven innings, allowing four runs and nine hits.Orioles manager Buck Showalter talked after the game about the need for his starters to be more efficient with their pitches. But reliever Michael Gonzalez has had no problems being efficient lately.When Britton was removed, Baltimore's bullpen kept the Twins off the scoreboard.Gonzalez fanned Jason Kubel with runners on second and third and two outs in the seventh, then struck out the side in the eighth. The left-hander threw 14 of his 24 pitches for strikes."He's been pitching well for a while now," said Showalter, whose team has not won a series since June 24-26 against Cincinnati. "He's attacking the zone. He's pitching with a purpose and he's got a good look in his eye."NOTES: Gardenhire has been ejected 60 times in his career. ... The Orioles put reliever Jason Berken on the 15-day DL with a right shoulder strain and optioned INF Blake Davis to Norfolk. ... Showalter said he expects Jeremy Guthrie to start on Wednesday and Jo Jo Reyes on Thursday. ... Adams batted .303 in 39 games with Norfolk before being recalled. ... The Aug. 14 postponed game between the Indians and Twins has been rescheduled for 1:05 p.m. EST on Sept. 24, creating a day-night doubleheader. ... Thome was selected AL player of the week. He slugged his 600th career home run on Aug. 15 in Chicago. ... Brian Duensing starts the second game of this four-game series for the Twins on Tuesday. Duensing has lost his last four starts. ... Alfredo Simon will make his first career start against the Twins on Tuesday. He has two saves and has not allowed a run in 4 2-3 innings of relief against Minnesota. 
3 View photosMinnesota Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, left, argues with home plate umpire Hunter Wendelstedt during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Monday, Aug. 22, 2011, in Minneapolis. Gardenhire was ejected. The Orioles defeated the Twins 4-1. (AP Photo/Genevieve Ross)MoreMINNEAPOLIS (AP) — When center fielder Ben Revere hit the ground after making a catch against the wall Monday night, he had to peek inside his glove to make sure he really did have the ball.He did. And the result was a spectacular catch that was the talk of the Minnesota clubhouse on a night when the punchless Twins lost 4-1 to the Baltimore Orioles.It was a catch that drew comparisons from Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire to plays made inside the Metrodome by former Twins stars Torii Hunter and Kirby Puckett.With two outs in the seventh, Baltimore's Vladimir Guerrero hit a ball to the deepest part of Target Field that looked to be at least an extra-base hit. Revere sprinted toward the center-field wall unsure of whether he would even have a chance to make a play on the ball.As he got close to the wall, the 5-foot-9 Revere jumped toward the fence. As both feet hit the wall, he reached up with his glove. The ball landed in Revere's glove as it was up against the wall and he tumbled to the ground."I saw the way my glove ran into the wall and I bounced off," Revere said. "When I saw (Michael) Cuddyer and (Jason) Kubel, their jaws just dropped. ... I looked in to make sure it didn't come out. I was sort of like, I did! It didn't come out! Wow!"Gardenhire, who managed the acrobatic Hunter and was on the Twins coaching staff when Puckett started leaping above the soft Metrodome wall to take away home runs, was certainly impressed."That might be one of the best catches I've ever seen considering he ran 50, 60 yards to catch the ball," Gardenhire said. "And then all the way over his head and jumping into the wall. That's probably one of the best you're going to see."It was an effort that was certainly appreciated by veteran Twins starter Carl Pavano."It's probably one of the best plays I've had behind me in my career," Pavano said. "That isn't an easy play at all, especially climbing the wall."Revere, in his first full season in the majors, is known for his defense. The native of Lexington, Ky., is very speedy and can cover a lot of ground in the outfield. While this was Revere's 85th game this season for the Twins, this was easily his most memorable catch."To do that for the first time, it felt good," he said.Little else went well for the Twins.While Minnesota had eight hits against the Orioles, it stranded 10 runners and went 0 for 7 with men in scoring position. One day after getting shut out by the Yankees, Minnesota managed just a single run on Joe Mauer's groundout in the third and lost for the 16th time in 21 games.Zach Britton (7-9) gave up six hits over five innings and won for the first time in 10 weeks for Baltimore.Minnesota also had to watch ex-Twin J.J. Hardy produce. Hardy, who scored twice, broke a 1-all tie in the fifth inning with a line drive home run off Pavano (6-10) that sailed over the left-field wall.Mauer had a play on a foul pop earlier in the at-bat, but couldn't make the catch when a fan wearing a Mauer jersey in the front row appeared to get in his way.Pavano pitched seven innings for Minnesota, giving up four runs on nine hits.In the eighth inning, both Gardenhire and third baseman Danny Valencia were ejected by plate umpire Hunter Wendelstedt. Valencia argued a pitch that was called for a strike and then Gardenhire was tossed while defending his player."Danny motioned to him, something like, 'That's three tonight,' and he got thrown out," Gardenhire of his sixth ejection this season and 60th in his career. "I've got to go out and defend a little bit. Hunter and I have actually gotten along very well. It was just one of those things. I was frustrated and probably didn't need to get thrown out of the ballgame. I don't have that many players and I told him about that. That's my fault, not Hunter's. I probably deserved, hopefully, every five dollars of it."Valencia also said he erred in talking back to Wendelstedt."It was a culmination of the entire game for me," said Valencia, who also talked after being called out on strikes in the second inning. "I let it get the best of me and I shouldn't have."NOTES: Twins CF Denard Span will spend the next week away from the team as he recovers from migraine symptoms. ... Twins pitcher Scott Baker (right flexor strain) will begin throwing this week and INF Alexi Casilla (hamstring) will begin running. ... Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said he expects Jeremy Guthrie to start on Wednesday and Jo Jo Reyes on Thursday. ... The Aug. 14 postponed game between the Indians and Twins has been rescheduled for Sept. 24, creating a day-night doubleheader. ... Twins DH Jim Thome was selected AL player of the week. He slugged his 600th career home run on Aug. 15 in Chicago. ... Brian Duensing starts the second game of this four-game series for the Twins on Tuesday. Duensing has lost his last four starts. ... Alfredo Simon will make his first career start against the Twins on Tuesday. He has two saves and has not allowed a run in 4 2-3 innings of relief against Minnesota. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Former Oriole Flanagan Found Dead  By SARAH MASLIN NIRAUG. 24, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Mike Flanagan, a former pitcher for the Baltimore Orioles and the Toronto Blue Jays, was found dead at his home in Baltimore County, Md., on Wednesday.The Orioles confirmed his death in a statement. He was 59.Flanagan worked for the Orioles over three decades in numerous roles, both on the field as a player and later as a coach, and off the field as a broadcaster and executive.Flanagan, a left-hander, won the 1979 Cy Young Award and pitched in two World Series for the Orioles.His body was found outside his home by authorities who received a 911 call at 4:26 p.m. The cause of death was not immediately determined. Photo       Mike Flanagan pitching in the 1979 World Series. He won 167 games in 18 seasons with Baltimore and the Toronto Blue Jays.  Credit             Associated Press           In a statement Wednesday night, Peter Angelos, the Orioles’ managing partner, confirmed the death of Flanagan, who was known as Flanny. Flanagan began his career with the Orioles in 1973 and went on to pitch 18 major league seasons.  Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “In over a quarter century with the organization, Flanny became an integral part of the Orioles family, for his accomplishments both on and off the field,” the statement read. “His loss will be felt deeply and profoundly by all of us with the ballclub and by Orioles fans everywhere who admired him.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Flanagan won 167 games in his career, with his best season coming in 1979, when he was 23-9 with a 3.08 earned run average. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    The Orioles lost the World Series to the Pittsburgh Pirates that year but won it in 1983, when Flanagan went 12-4 despite missing nearly three months with a knee injury.Last season, Flanagan began as a broadcaster on the Mid-Atlantic Sports Network, a regional sports network owned by the Orioles and the Washington Nationals.Flanagan is survived by his wife, Alex, and daughters Kathryn, Kerry and Kendall.  A version of this article appears in print on August 25, 2011, on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: Former Oriole Flanagan Found Dead.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Adam Jones hits a solo home run during the fourth inning of their baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Saturday, Aug. 20, 2011, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)MoreMINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Baltimore Orioles outfielder Adam Jones left Tuesday's game against the Minnesota Twins with what was called an illness and was later transported to a hospital for further tests.Manager Buck Showalter said they weren't certain what was bothering Jones after he left the game in the second inning. Jones started in center field as usual and struck out in his first at-bat before being replaced by Matt Angle, who pinch-hit for Jones in the second inning."After talking with a few people, he was feeling a little down and just weak," Showalter said. "Then after his first at-bat and everything, it didn't get any better. Didn't like what he was describing, so we decided to get him out of there and let the doctors take a look at him."They're still looking into it, haven't really been able to nail down. We just want to rule a lot of things out to be on the safe side. We're going to let them do some more tests at the hospital."Showalter declined to say what was bothering Jones and wasn't sure how long he would be at the hospital.Jones has played in 124 of Baltimore's 126 games this season, batting .297 with 22 home runs and 77 RBIs. Angle was recalled earlier in the day from Triple-A Norfolk when the Orioles designated slumping outfielder Felix Pie for assignment. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Adam Jones hits a solo home run during the fourth inning of their baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Saturday, Aug. 20, 2011, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)MoreMINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Baltimore Orioles outfielder Adam Jones has left a game against the Minnesota Twins with an illness.Jones started in center field as usual and struck out in his first at-bat before being replaced by Matt Angle, who pinch-hit for Jones in the second inning.Jones has played in 124 of Baltimore's 126 games this season, batting .297 with 22 home runs and 77 RBIs. Angle was recalled earlier in the day from Triple-A Norfolk when the Orioles designated slumping outfielder Felix Pie for assignment. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Mike Flanagan, Former Orioles Pitching Star, Dies at 59  By RICHARD GOLDSTEINAUG. 25, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Mike Flanagan, the Baltimore left-hander who won the 1979 Cy Young Award as the American League’s leading pitcher and who later worked as an Orioles executive, coach and broadcaster, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound on Wednesday outside his home in Sparks, Md., the authorities reported. He was 59.The Baltimore County Police Department said that Flanagan’s wife, Alex, was out of town and had asked a neighbor to check on him after he sounded upset when she spoke with him by phone at about 1 a.m. and did not phone her back later in the day, as promised. When the neighbor did not find Flanagan at home in the late afternoon, she called the police, who said they discovered his body about 250 feet behind his home.The state medical examiner ruled Flanagan’s death a suicide resulting from a shotgun wound to the head, the police said. They said that he did not leave a note, but that an investigation showed he “was upset about financial issues.”Flanagan pitched for 15 seasons in two stints with the Orioles at a time when they were usually pennant contenders. A popular player, he remained a familiar figure, working for the Orioles off the field while the franchise’s fortunes declined over the past decade and a half. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      At his death he was an Orioles color commentator for the Mid-Atlantic Sports Network.Flanagan won the 1979 Cy Young Award with a 23-9 record, leading the league in victories. (He received 26 out of 28 votes; Tommy John and Ron Guidry, both Yankees, received one vote each.) He had 16 complete games, 5 shutouts and a 3.08 earned run average that year as the Orioles advanced to the World Series against the Pittsburgh Pirates, who defeated them in seven games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hampered by a knee injury, he was 12-4 for the 1983 Orioles, who went on capture the World Series, defeating the Philadelphia Phillies in five games.Michael Kendall Flanagan was born on Dec. 16, 1951, in Manchester, N.H. After pitching at the University of Massachusetts, he was the Orioles’ seventh-round draft pick in 1973, then made his major league debut with them in September 1975. Photo       Mike Flanagan in 1983  Credit             Associated Press           Flanagan was known for his dry wit, in evidence when he reflected on the tough fans at Yankee Stadium. “I could never play in New York,” he was quoted as saying in 1979. “The first time I ever came into a game there, I got in the bullpen car and they told me to lock the doors.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Flanagan pitched for Baltimore until August 1987, when he was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays. He remained with them through 1990. He completed his career by pitching two more seasons for the Orioles.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In October 1991, he became the last Orioles player to throw a pitch at the team’s Memorial Stadium before it moved to Camden Yards. At his request, he entered the game during the ninth inning and struck out the last two Detroit Tiger batters, though the Orioles lost. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “The stadium was where I spent the best days of my life,” he told The Baltimore Sun afterward. Relying mainly on breaking balls, Flanagan had a career record of 167-143 and was an All-Star in 1978, when he won 19 games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Flanagan joined the Orioles’ front office in December 2002 after four seasons as a team broadcaster and two one-year stints as the team’s pitching coach. The team did not have a general manager during his executive tenure, but as a vice president he performed many of the duties associated with that post through 2008.In addition to his wife, his survivors include his daughters, Kerry, Kathryn and Kendall.Flanagan’s death became known during the Orioles’ game with the Twins on Wednesday night at Target Field in Minnesota. Jeremy Guthrie, who received Flanagan’s permission to wear his No. 46 jersey when he joined the Orioles in 2007, went seven innings Wednesday, pitching them to a 6-1 victory.Afterward, Guthrie said he wanted to hear fan reaction before deciding whether he could best pay tribute to Flanagan by continuing to wear his number or by giving it up.“Since the day I was given the No. 46,” he said in a statement on the Orioles’ Web site, “I’ve had thousands of people tell me that that was the number of their favorite pitcher for the Orioles when they were growing up.”  A version of this article appears in print on August 26, 2011, on Page A20 of the New York edition with the headline: Mike Flanagan, 59, Former Orioles Pitching Star, Dies.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Mike Flanagan, Former Orioles Pitcher, Is Found Dead at His Home AUG. 24, 2011             ON BASEBALL   Flanagan Cherished the Joy of New Life AUG. 25, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds rounds second on his solo home run off Minnesota Twins pitcher Kevin Slowey in the fifth inning of a baseball game on Wednesday, Aug. 24, 2011, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Jim Mone)MoreMINNEAPOLIS (AP) — On a night the Baltimore Orioles should have been celebrating another win, the silence in their locker room spoke about priorities.Mark Reynolds homered to start a five-run fifth inning, Jeremy Guthrie pitched seven strong innings and the Orioles beat the Minnesota Twins 6-1 on Wednesday night.But the loss of legendary pitcher Mike Flanagan justifiably overshadowed the win."The Orioles lost a real source of wisdom, and it's just hard to imagine not getting to see him now and then," manager Buck Showalter said, fighting back tears.At different stages of his life, Flanagan was a pitcher, front office executive and television broadcaster for the Orioles.When Flanagan was the vice-president of baseball operations he signed Guthrie in January 2007. Guthrie wears the same number that Flanagan did."Since the day I was given the number 46 I've had thousands of people tell me that that was the number of their favorite pitcher for the Orioles when they were growing up," Guthrie said. "From day one I think I've been reminded of the legacy and the work that Mike did not only as a player, but as a member of the community in Baltimore. So, it's always been special and now I think it takes on a new level. He's not going to be forgotten soon. That's for sure."Guthrie and many of the Orioles found out mid-game about Flanagan's passing."Once you're on the mound you realize the task at hand and you try to focus on that. I wouldn't say so much it was a distraction from pitch to pitch as much as just kind of a heaviness from inside during the game," Guthrie said.Baltimore has won three straight games for the first time since winning four in a row from June 6-10. The Orioles have outscored Minnesota 18-3 in the three games.Justin Morneau had an RBI double for the Twins, who have lost six of seven and 18 of their last 23 overall. Minnesota is 2½ games ahead of last-place Kansas City in the AL Central.Guthrie (6-16) has been dealing with some right shoulder soreness, and had given up 16 earned runs in his last three starts. The right-hander found his rhythm against a punchless Minnesota offense, allowing five hits and striking out five, the same number he struck out in his last three starts combined.He wiggled out of a first-inning jam thanks to a diving two-out, bases-loaded stop by second baseman Ryan Adams and gave up consecutive doubles in the third before retiring 12 straight."I was able to keep the ball down for the most part," he said. "If you get the ball down in the zone and maybe get some swing-throughs and maybe swing over it and keep the ball on the ground. For the most part, I was able to do that and command the fastball enough to keep them off balance and make them miss at a few pitches."Michael Gonzalez struck out all three batters he faced in the eighth and has struck out all seven batters he's faced this series.In what has become an audition for 2012, Kevin Slowey (0-2) had his second straight unimpressive start for the Twins, allowing five earned runs in 4 2-3 innings. He allowed six earned runs and nine hits — including two home runs — in 5 2-3 innings against the Yankees on Friday.Minnesota starters are 2-11 in their last 19 starts — with both wins by Francisco Liriano.Slowey, who wants to be a starter in Minnesota or elsewhere next season, allowed one hit through four innings before Reynolds led off the fifth inning with a home run inside the left-field foul pole. After a single by Jake Fox, Nolan Reimold had an RBI triple and Adams added an RBI double. A two-run double by Matt Wieters ended Slowey's night."It's really frustrating to feel like mechanically I'd thrown well up to that point and then to just have an inning and really bury the team. We've been really scrapping lately and for me to go out there and give up five, it's just really disappointing," Slowey said.J.J. Hardy scored on a wild pitch in the ninth.Minnesota right fielder Michael Cuddyer left the game in the first inning with a left wrist injury after being hit by a pitch from Guthrie. X-rays were negative and an MRI is expected to be done Thursday morning. Cuddyer leads the team in home runs and RBIs."It got him right on the wrist bone. ... He's sore but hopefully there won't be anything in there," manager Ron Gardenhire said.NOTES: Baltimore 3B Robert Andino made a barehanded catch of a foul pop-up by Morneau near the stands in the sixth inning. ... The Orioles last won three straight in Minnesota Sept. 7-9, 1999. ... Baltimore CF Adam Jones was back in the starting lineup after leaving Tuesday night's game with an illness. "I feel 100 percent," he said. ... Orioles DH Vladimir Guerrero was a late scratch with a left wrist contusion. ... Jim Thome, the reigning AL Player of the Week, went 0 for 4 and is 1 for his last 13. ... Liriano (9-9) takes the hill for Thursday's matinee. He threw seven innings of three-hit ball Saturday against the Yankees, allowing no earned runs. ... Jo-Jo Reyes (6-10) is scheduled to start for Baltimore. In three starts for the Orioles since being picked up on waivers, Reyes has allowed 10 earned runs in 15 innings. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 12, Yankees 5                                                             One Lost Day Follows Another  By DAVID WALDSTEINAUG. 26, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BALTIMORE — In the wake of another disastrous outing by A. J. Burnett on Friday night, and with a compressed schedule of games coming up because of Hurricane Irene, Yankees Manager Joe Girardi was asked if Burnett would still make his next scheduled start against the hard-hitting Boston Red Sox next week.After surrendering nine runs in five innings during Friday’s 12-5 loss to the Baltimore Orioles, Burnett is now the undisputed worst starter in the six-man rotation. Ordinarily the Yankees would be looking to whittle that rotation from six to five men, but with games piling up over the next few days and weeks, even Burnett will get more chances, Girardi said.“With all these doubleheaders, we’ve got to play games,” he said. “So we need a six-man.”For Girardi, who has professed unyielding support for Burnett this season, it may have been the most tepid and backhanded endorsement yet.Asked if Burnett might be aided by skipping a turn, Girardi, with a shrug, said: “I don’t know if we can. Look at our schedule.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      At the time, Girardi and the Yankees were steamed over the way the Orioles and Major League Baseball handled the postponements and rescheduling in anticipation of the storm. That may account for Girardi’s perception of the coming schedule. In fact, the Yankees still have only one doubleheader facing them, and another one pending.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But what hurts just as much is that one of Saturday’s canceled games is now scheduled to be made up Sept. 8, the Orioles announced during the game, eliminating one of the Yankees’ precious two remaining days off.According to the player representative Curtis Granderson, the Yankees and the players association are planning to fight the Sept. 8 makeup date, although they probably have little recourse.“We’re going to fight it as much as we can,” Granderson said.The Yankees had already lost two off days in September because of rainouts earlier in the season with the Tampa Bay Rays and the Minnesota Twins, and now they are down to one, Sept. 15, a day on which they are scheduled to fly from Seattle to Toronto. This late in the season, days off are considered critical to a team trying to remain strong for a playoff push. Photo       A.J. Burnett after allowing a home run to Mark Reynolds in the second inning, the first of six runs Burnett would give up in the inning. He left after five innings, having allowed nine runs.  Credit             Patrick Smith/Associated Press           The Yankees had asked the Orioles for a doubleheader Friday to ensure that at least two games would be played and then hoped to get the remaining three in Sunday and Monday. But the Orioles and Major League Baseball declined, leaving the Yankees perplexed, in the words of Granderson.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Girardi was more pointed.“Why we didn’t play a split doubleheader today, I have no idea,” Girardi said. “And now they want us to give up our off day, the only off day that we truly have. We didn’t agree to play Sept. 8. They scheduled it, and we didn’t agree to it, and I really don’t understand it.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    As perplexing as the scheduling may have been to the Yankees, the riddle of Burnett may be even more vexing. This time there was no disputed exit from the mound as there was the last time in Minneapolis when he may or may not have yelled an obscenity at Girardi.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But as it was then, Burnett was awful in the second inning, giving up six runs. With one out in the second, he gave up a solo home run to Mark Reynolds, followed by four consecutive doubles and a two-run home run by J. J. Hardy as the Orioles put together what seemed like a loop tape of extra-base hits.But unlike his quick hook in Minneapolis, Girardi would not take Burnett out of this game right away, instead leaving him in to clean up his own mess for another three innings. The reason was because the Yankees’ bullpen was already worn out from the previous couple of games, so Girardi needed Burnett to just give him more innings.He pitched three more, in fact, and allowed three more runs, and now his earned run average over his past five starts is 11.91, and he has won only one game since June 29.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s unacceptable,” Burnett said. “But the bottom line is, I can’t worry about my numbers right now. Even if I pitch great the rest of the year, I’m going to have bad numbers. I’ve got to get on a good track. I’m going to get on a good track.”And no matter how bad his numbers are, Girardi says that with the schedule the way it is now, the Yankees might need him to pitch anyway.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  INSIDE PITCHAlex Rodriguez met with representatives from Major League Baseball for almost two hours Friday at the team hotel to discuss his suspected involvement in illegal poker games. Rodriguez would not discuss the details. “I answered all their questions until they were tired, and then I’ll let them come back to you,” he said. “But it went well.” During the game, Rodriguez hit his first home run since June 11. ... The Orioles honored the former player, executive and broadcaster Mike Flanagan, who died Wednesday, throughout the game, including a moment of silence, video tributes and a display of his No. 46 on the scoreboard.  A version of this article appears in print on August 27, 2011, on Page D1 of the New York edition with the headline: One Lost Day Follows Another.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      BATS   Schedule Is Shifted, but Not to Yankees' Liking AUG. 26, 2011             METS 6, BRAVES 0   With Focus on Weather, Capuano Throws a Gem AUG. 26, 2011         BATS   Mets Postpone Two Games, and Players Plan for Storm AUG. 26, 2011             ROUNDUP   Thome Goes Hitless in Return, but Indians Win AUG. 26, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Needing His Bat, the Indians Welcome Back Thome  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSAUG. 26, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Jim Thome was cheered by Indians fans in his first at-bat Friday in his return to Cleveland.  Credit             Jason Miller/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  As they were about to take the field, the Cleveland Indians held a last-second meeting. Something had to be done.On a night filled with memories and hope, the Indians turned to their glorious past.So they hiked up their pants and showed off their socks — just like Jim Thome.“It was a little welcome present for the big guy,” third baseman Jack Hannahan said.Thome was grateful.“It was similar to ’97,” Thome said after Cleveland’s 2-1 win Friday night over the Kansas City Royals. ”They did that for my birthday, and that year went to the World Series. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “So we’ll see what happens,” he said.Thome went hitless but was warmly welcomed in his Cleveland homecoming after nearly a decade away and the Indians, getting a strong outing from Ubaldo Jimenez (2-1), slowed their slide in the American League Central. The Indians won for just the second time in eight games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Thome went 0 for 4 and struck out twice in his first game back with Cleveland since 2002, when he disappointed Cleveland fans by leaving as a free agent.Thome received a thunderous standing ovation when he came up for the first time in the second inning. Holding “Welcome Thome” signs, fans clapped and yelled, and he returned the love before his first at-bat with the Indians in nine years by taking off his batting helmet and bowing slightly. Photo       Jim Thorne, right, with Indians General Manager Chris Antonetti before the game.  Credit             Mark Duncan/Associated Press           “Very emotional,” he said. “Overwhelming in a good way.”Jimenez (2-1) struck out 10 and allowed one run in seven innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  RANGERS 11, ANGELS 7 The slumping Nelson Cruz had two long homers among his four hits and drove in six runs as A.L. West-leading Texas stretched its advantage to three games over second-place Los Angeles. Cruz started the night in a 4-for-27 slide that got him demoted to the No. 7 slot in the batting order for the first time this season. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    TIGERS 8, TWINS 1 Delmon Young had three run-scoring singles in his return to Target Field and Victor Martinez knocked in four runs to lead Detroit over Minnesota. Miguel Cabrera had three hits in his first game after being reinstated from the paternity list in support of Rick Porcello, who pitched six and a third innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ATHLETICS 15, RED SOX 5 Scott Sizemore and Josh Willingham each hit two-run homers during a six-run fourth inning as visiting Oakland denied Tim Wakefield’s bid for his 200th win. Dustin Pedroia and David Ortiz hit consecutive homers for Boston, which opened a nine-game homestand.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  RAYS 6, BLUE JAYS 1 James Shields pitched his major-league-leading 10th complete game, Evan Longoria hit a pair of solo home runs, and Tampa Bay won in Toronto. The Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista didn’t go quietly when he was ejected after striking out for the third time in the sixth inning. Bautista, baseball’s reigning home run king, tossed his bat, his helmet and a water bottle onto the field before leaving the dugout.BREWERS 5, CUBS 2 Ryan Braun hit a go-ahead double in the fifth and scored on the play when Darwin Barney made his second error of the inning, rallying Milwaukee for its 25th win in the last 30 games.MARLINS 6, PHILLIES 5 John Buck hit a grand slam and Greg Dobbs had four hits, including two doubles, as Florida won for just the fourth time in 21 games.CARDINALS 5, PIRATES 4 Lance Berkman hit a go-ahead two-run home run in the eighth inning and St. Louis overcame a pair of deficits to beat visiting Pittsburgh.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  REDS 4, NATIONALS 3 Miguel Cairo singled home the winning run with one out in the ninth inning, sending host Cincinnati over Washington in a game delayed because some of the lights went out.  A version of this article appears in print on August 27, 2011, on Page D3 of the New York edition with the headline: Thome Goes Hitless in His Return, but the Indians Win.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
6  On the day before Hurricane Irene is forecast to roll over the Mid-Atlantic region, it was the Orioles who made it rain in Baltimore. The O's offense unleashed a storm of extra-base hits off Yankees pitchers, including a streak of six straight extra-base hits in the bottom of the second inning. In all, the Orioles had five doubles, a triple, and three home runs and they rode that to a 12-5 victory, their 5th straight. The flurry of blows came mostly against Yankees starter A.J. Burnett, who didn't have his best night. Though it looked like he might get chased in the 2nd, he made it through five innings but gave up nine earned runs on nine hits and two walks. Every Orioles starter recorded a base hit. Burnett was hardly the only Yankee who had a bit of a rough night, as Yankees fielders had four errors in the game. Tommy Hunter pitched for the O's, and he was very Tommy Hunter. He had gone through six innings only giving up a run on a home run by Jorge Posada - seriously, why does it always have to be him? But then he came out for the seventh, and while it's good to throw strikes when your team is winning by ten runs, you don't want to throw the kind of strikes that Alex Rodriguez and Nick Swisher deposit into the seats. In all, Hunter pitched seven innings and gave up four earned runs, all of which scored on homers. He had no walks and four strikeouts. I think that will count as a successful innings-eating. The game was the first for the Orioles back in Baltimore since the death of former player, coach, GM and broadcaster Mike Flanagan. The O's now sport Flanny patches on their uniform sleeves, which they will have for the remainder of the season, and the O's had several special things before and during the course of the game. The out-of-town scoreboard displayed a "46" for the whole game. After the first inning, the O's played a tribute video to Flanagan and it was surely dusty at Camden Yards, as it was in the Esskay abode, with nary a dry eye to be found. On the MASN broadcast, Gary Thorne and Jim Palmer informed us that two of Flanagan's three daughters were in attendance for the game. They were treated to a ritual beatdown that was par for the course in the franchise's better days.    We were not without little dramatic subplots even in a game where the O's looked to be in control for the whole game. As discussed on the TV broadcast, the Yankees apparently did not like the contingency plans developed by the Orioles for rescheduling games that may be postponed by Irene, even though the O's plan was approved by the commissioner's office. It seems that the Yankees rejected back-to-back doubleheaders on Sunday and Monday because they want to line up their rotation for their upcoming Boston series, and they did not want to lose their only scheduled off day on September 8. Too bad for them. Saturday's doubleheader games have now been postponed, and there will be a day-night doubleheader on Sunday, with the other game being made up in Baltimore on September 8. Curtis Granderson, whom, as the Yanks player rep to the union, relayed that statement to the media, was hit by a pitch from Hunter. As the MASN broadcast relayed this information to us, Thorne and Palmer both were full of righteous Baltimore indignation. If you missed watching it, you would have been proud. After Granderson was hit, there were a couple of Burnett curveballs that "slipped" and came near the heads of Orioles batters, although nobody was actually hit. Following one of these, Palmer opined, "If you wanna throw at our guys, that's fine, but you've got way more to lose." Much as we've seen Mark Reynolds struggle defensively at third base, he's looked that natural since shifting over to first base. Reynolds made some nice picks and seems to get better reactions on balls hit to him when he is on that side. Reynolds also added an impressive homer to left on an at-bat where he saw a 3-0 count go 3-2. That was the pitch he crushed for his 30th bomb of the season.     The Reynolds homer was the first of the six straight XBH. Reynolds homer was followed by a Ryan Adams double, which was followed by a Nolan Reimold double, which was followed by a Matt Angle double (a Baltimore Chop that Jetered its way over Mark Teixeira's head), which in turn was followed by a Robert Andino double. The sequence was capped by a J.J. Hardy home run, at the end of which the Orioles had a 6-0 lead. That was all they would need on the night. Hardy's homer was his 25th in 436 plate appearances. Reimold had two hits on the night, adding a two-run triple in the 5th. Matt Wieters was the only other Oriole with multiple hits, with a double right before the Reimold triple, adding a three-run homer in the 6th. The homer by Wieters was his 14th. His previous career high was 11. Willie Eyre pitched the 8th, giving up a run and Jim Johnson threw a perfect 9th to close out the victory. The O's won't be facing Burnett every night in their string of AL East games, but watching tonight, you could almost allow yourself to think that the stretch of games to close out the season won't be completely terrible.  The next game will be at 1:35pm on Sunday, unless that game is rained out too.   
3 View photosThe Baltimore Orioles honor former player, coach, and executive Mike Flanagan with a black circular patch with “FLANNY” written in white on their right jersey sleeves, which will remain for the remainder of the 2011 season, before a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Friday, Aug. 26, 2011, in Baltimore. Flanagan died of a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head on Wednesday. He was 59. (AP Photo/Patrick Smith)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Even those who didn't know Mike Flanagan couldn't help but feel the emotion that swept through Camden Yards on Friday night.The Baltimore Orioles celebrated the life of their former pitcher before and during their 12-5 win over the New York Yankees.Afterward, it was evident that the victory would have been far sweeter under different circumstances."I don't know, winning, losing, with some of the things going on," manager Buck Showalter said. "But I know Mike would have certainly liked it. I can tell you that."It was Baltimore's first home game since Flanagan took his own life Wednesday. Moments before the first pitch, there was a moment of silence in honor of the 1979 Cy Young winner, who died at age 59 of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.Flanagan's No. 46 was displayed on the right field scoreboard from batting practice to the end of the game. For the rest of the season, the Orioles will wear a black circular patch on their right jersey sleeves with the word "FLANNY" written in white.Tommy Hunter (3-2) allowed four runs and seven hits over seven innings. Hunter came to the Orioles in July in a trade with Texas and was unfamiliar with Flanagan's legacy in Baltimore, but over the past few days he's come to appreciate what Flanagan meant to this franchise."He touched a lot of people. That's very evident from the way it's been going around," Hunter said. "Guys loved him. It's one of those things where you wish you got to know a guy like that a little better."Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, who hit a three-run homer, said, "Any time you get a tribute like that, and a moment of silence before the game starts, it's a little bit extra added emotions of the game for sure. It was a big game to win."Mark Reynolds and J.J. Hardy homered in a six-run second inning against A.J. Burnett to help the Orioles secure their fifth straight victory, matching a season high.Jorge Posada, Alex Rodriguez and Nick Swisher homered for the Yankees, who tied a season high with four errors. Rodriguez's homer was his first since June 11 and ended a single-season career long drought of 96 at-bats without a long ball.Not only did Burnett (9-11) yield nine runs and nine hits in five innings, but he also threw three wild pitches in his second straight horrid performance."I'm frustrated," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "Part of my job is to remember it's a person out there struggling. It's not just an employee of the New York Yankees. It hurts me to see someone struggling. We've got to try and fix it."Playing in front of a crowd of 32,762 that included thousands of Yankees fans, Baltimore put on a performance reminiscent of the days when Flanagan and the Orioles were feared by the rest of the American League.Baltimore got six hits and batted around in the second inning. Reynolds hit his 30th home run with one out before the Orioles rattled off four straight doubles, including one by Matt Angle, who collected his first major league RBI. Hardy capped the uprising with his 25th homer, a two-run drive to left.A walk, two wild pitches and a run-scoring grounder by Hardy made it 7-0 in the fourth. After Posada homered in the fifth, Nolan Reimold answered with a two-run triple in the bottom half.Burnett did not come out to pitch the sixth. In his previous outing, he cursed as he left the mound in the second inning of a 9-4 loss to Minnesota. The right-hander has given up 16 runs in his last two starts."It's not acceptable," Burnett said. "But the bottom line is that I can't worry about my numbers right now. I've got to get on a good track. I've got a lot of support in this room, and that's probably the thing that bothers me most. You feel like you're letting guys down a bit."Wieters homered off Luis Ayala in the sixth after a two-out error by second baseman Robinson Cano.Rodriguez homered leading off the seventh, Cano singled to extend his hitting streak to 17 games, and Swisher went deep to make it 12-4. But unlike one day earlier, when New York made up a six-run deficit to beat Oakland, there would be no comeback this time.NOTES: New York has lost four of six. ... Saturday's split-doubleheader has been postponed because of the expected bad weather associated with Hurricane Irene. The afternoon game will be held on Sept. 8, previously an off day for both teams, and the night game will be part of a day-night doubleheader Sunday. ... Hardy's homer ended an 0-for-29 drought against New York this season. ... Swisher's homer was the 57th in the 20-year history of Camden Yards to land on Eutaw Street beyond the right-field scoreboard. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Heads Held High on a Team Laid Low    On Baseball  By                       TYLER KEPNER   AUG. 28, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Divide this latest lost Mets season into three parts. The beginning, mercifully, was brief, a 5-13 start. Then, for more than half the season, the Mets went 50-38. That stretch took them through July 29, the day after they traded Carlos Beltran. Since then, they are 10 games under .500.So there is a lot of meat in the middle of that sandwich. But the taste, over all, still seems a little dry. Should fans be more hopeful now than they were when the season started? Trading Beltran to San Francisco for a top pitching prospect, Zack Wheeler, was a good sign. But Wheeler is in Class A.It would be different if a starting pitcher had emerged as something better than a No. 3 or 4, or the if Mets had discovered some solid relievers. Or if Jason Bay had produced the way he did before he signed. Or if any hitter, really, had stayed healthy enough to show what he could do for a full season.But none of that has happened. So the Mets are left with an intangible, which cannot be discounted, considering the shame of the last few seasons: the team, at least, plays hard. It is a reflection of Manager Terry Collins, who has handled his frustration gracefully. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The losing bothers Collins. He is famously fiery, as he showed years ago as the manager in Houston and in Anaheim. He vowed to be different at 62, promised not to base his happiness only on wins and losses. He said he would enjoy the experience and the challenge, and he has.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Collins is wise enough now to look deeper than the 62 wins and 68 defeats. And when he does, he is satisfied.“I’ve been fine,” Collins said Friday. “I’ve only had two or three meetings with these guys, and it’s never been about the effort. Therefore, it’s been O.K. Not happy with the results sometimes, but the effort has been there. Am I happy with the execution? Not always, but the effort has nothing to do with the execution side of it. The effort’s been there, and that’s all you can ask your players to do.”Collins is not Rex Ryan. He did not come to the Mets making bold predictions of championships. Instead, he told fans that although he could not predict how the Mets would finish, they would be proud to watch their team again. The Mets, he said, would be fun to watch. Photo       David Wright missed 59 games. Johan Santana (shoulder) has missed them all.  Credit             Christian Petersen/Getty Images           “Now, we’ve had games where we haven’t played very good; that’s baseball,” Collins said. “But, for the most part, these guys have overachieved. They have dealt with more adversity than any team I’ve ever been around — unbelievable stuff, on and off the field — and they have maintained a sense of having something to prove.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Fans often latch on to overachieving teams and hold them dear. Think of the 1989 Baltimore Orioles, who hung in as surprise contenders all the way to the final weekend. Or the 1993 Philadelphia Phillies, a one-hit wonder that surged to the National League pennant and quickly went back to oblivion.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  These Mets have never seriously contended, and the depth of their talent lags far behind that of the Phillies and the Atlanta Braves. But only the truly heartless would wear bags over their heads at Citi Field anymore. It is unreasonable to expect more than what Collins has gotten from this team. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “I know one thing: had we stayed healthy, we’d have been playing for something right now,” Collins said. “We had a good club, we knew we had a good club, and that’s what ultimately you play for.“I don’t want to see anybody just say, ‘It’s over, the last thing I want to do is get hurt, so I’m just going to go out there and get my at-bats.’ I don’t play the game like that. We’re going to play the game hard. I want to see some character in this club going down the last 30 games. I don’t care who we play; we’re going to play the game right.”Collins defended the training staff and said some of the injuries — Ike Davis’s ankle sprain and bone bruise, the stress fracture in David Wright’s back — came on freak plays that could not have been avoided. Daniel Murphy’s inexperience at second base, Collins maintains, caused his knee injury.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Collins said his plan for the Mets’ best player, shortstop Jose Reyes, was to rest him more often when he is healthy, to limit the wear on his legs. Of course, the Mets have to re-sign Reyes first — at great cost, perhaps, and at great risk, for sure.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Without Reyes, Davis, Murphy and Beltran, Collins believes, the Mets’ pitchers have put too much pressure on themselves, trying to be so perfect that they fall behind in the count and get hit. The theory is plausible but impossible to verify.The San Francisco Giants, for example, score the fewest runs per game in the majors, but that has not stopped their pitchers from performing. The difference is, the Giants have high-end talent. The Mets have one elite pitcher, Johan Santana, but he has missed all season after shoulder surgery and is unlikely to return until next spring.“It’s hard this time of year,” Collins said. “But as I told them, sometimes adversity makes you stronger, and we’re going to face some next year. Every team does. But you’ll be able to get through it better because you’ve already been through it once.”  A version of this article appears in print on August 29, 2011, on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: Heads Held High On a Team Laid Low.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                     On Baseball A regular analytical column looking at major league baseball.                                          Seeing Noah Syndergaard’s Injury Coming at 100 M.P.H.             MAY 1                                         In Early Going, the Yankees Steal the Mets’ Thunder             APR 28                                         Homer-Hitting Mets Can Blast, but Fail to Bloop             APR 23                                         Daniel Murphy’s Keen Eye Bolsters a Nationals Pillar             APR 21                                         As Pirates’ Starling Marte Begins Suspension, Mets’ Jeurys Familia Returns             APR 19       See More »       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 2, Yankees 0 (1st Game); Yankees 8, Orioles 3 (2nd Game)                                                             After Being Shut Down in Opener, Yankees Find Power in Nightcap  By DAVID WALDSTEINAUG. 28, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BALTIMORE — Curtis Granderson has been at the forefront of this hurricane-interrupted series as the Yankees player representative charged with presenting the Yankees position on the rescheduling of lost games.But Granderson has been relatively helpless in that capacity, failing in the Yankees quest to get the Orioles to play a doubleheader on Friday, and then not finding out the ultimate solution — that one of Saturday’s postponed games was rescheduled for Sept. 8 — until he was in the on-deck circle when it was announced during Friday’s loss.But what Granderson failed to accomplish as the Yankees’ union official, he more than made up for by punishing their opponent.After losing the opening game of their doubleheader, 2-0, the Yankees pounded the Orioles, 8-3, in the nightcap behind a power barrage led by the agitator. Granderson hit two home runs and knocked in four runs and the Yankees hit five home runs in all to account for all their runs.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Granderson hit a three-run shot in the third inning that gave the Yankees a 3-2 lead, and added a solo shot in the seventh to stretch the Yankees’ lead to 8-3. The latter was his 38th homer of the season and pushed him past Jose Bautista of the Toronto Blue Jays for the major league lead, an unusually high number for a player who stubbornly insists he is not a home run hitter. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Yankees hit three home runs in succession in the sixth inning as they broke the game open, providing Ivan Nova (14-4) the cushion he needed to cruise to a well-deserved victory. Photo       Bartolo Colon of the Yankees struck out four and walked no one Sunday in the first game of a doubleheader against the Baltimore Orioles.  Credit             Mitchell Layton/Getty Images           Robinson Cano hit a two-run homer, his 23rd, Nick Swisher followed with his fifth home run in his last six games, and Andruw Jones capped the outburst with his 11th homer of the season.It was the first time since May 20, 2009, that the Yankees had hit three homers in a row. On that day it was Swisher, Cano and Melky Cabrera, and it also came against the Orioles.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The power surge was a welcome return to form for the Yankees, who were shutout in the first game to lose for the fourth time in five games. They failed to get a runner to second base, and their inability to score meant an undeserved loss for Bartolo Colon, who pitched very well to counter the argument that he is fatigued from the increase in innings he has pitched this season.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Colon could not have pitched much better through the first six innings, when he allowed only two hits and faced just one batter over the minimum. With impeccable command of his fastball, and a sinker he threw more often and with more authority, as the Yankees had asked him to do, Colon pitched as well as he had in a month.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He was able to throw the fastball wherever I put the glove,” Francisco Cervelli said.He allowed one run in the seventh and another in the eighth. In seven and two-thirds innings, he allowed two runs and seven hits. He also struck out four, but walked no one.In the seventh Nick Markakis doubled and Vladimir Guerrero hit a backdoor sinker to right field to drive in the first run of the game. The Orioles scored again in the eighth with the benefit of two softly hit singles.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The loss was Colon’s first this season in an afternoon start. His record in daytime starts is 6-1 with a 1.88 earned run average, which was why Girardi switched him with Nova. Photo       Derek Jeter with the trainer Steve Donohue and Manager Joe Girardi after being hit by a pitch. Jeter did not play in Game 2.  Credit             Mitchell Layton/Getty Images           Girardi said before Sunday’s first game that he had hoped to reduce the starting rotation to five from six after A. J. Burnett’s next start Thursday against the Boston Red Sox, but gave no indication who might get the demotion. Burnett would be a likely candidate, considering his E.R.A. in August is 11.91 and he has looked terrible his last two outings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  "We need him to pitch better, that’s the bottom line,” Girardi said, “So Thursday, or whatever day it is, is a big start.”Before Sunday there had also been some concern that Colon might be tiring as the season progressed considering he had already thrown more innings, 131, than he had in any season since 2005. Fatigue did not appear to be a problem Sunday. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “I really don’t feel tired,” he said. “Every time I pitch I won’t pitch the same. Sometimes I’m going to get hit and sometimes I’m going to pitch the way I did today.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Nova pitched well, also, allowing three runs and seven hits over seven innings. But perhaps the best performance of the night belonged to relief pitcher David Robertson, who masterfully pitched his way out of a jam with the bases loaded and nobody out in the eighth.Robertson struck out Vladimir Guerrero, Mark Reynolds and Ryan Adams to get out of what could have been a game-altering inning. Robertson has now struck out 23 batters in his career in 45 at-bats with the bases loaded.Even in a game where power carried the Yankees to victory, it was a vital example of clutch pitching by Robertson to preserve a needed victory.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story    INSIDE PITCHAfter fouling a ball off his right knee in the first game Sunday, Derek Jeter sat out of the second game with a contusion of the knee. He had X-rays, which were negative, and Joe Girardi said the knee was really sore and Jeter would be questionable for Monday’s game against the Orioles. By playing in the first game Jeter passed Mickey Mantle for most games played by a Yankee, with 2,402.  “I’ve always taken pride in doing my job,” said Jeter, who played his first game for the Yankees in 1995. “I think that’s probably the best way to put it. My job is obviously to come and play games, try to stay on the field and try to stay healthy. I’ve done it for a long time.” Earlier this season Jeter became the first Yankee to collect 3,000 hits. ... Alex Rodriguez also did not play the second game because his sore left thumb was acting up. “Today it got a lot more sore than it necessarily had been in the last few days,” Girardi said. He was also questionable for Monday.  A version of this article appears in print on August 29, 2011, on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: After Being Shutdown in Opener, Yankees Find Power in Nightcap.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage       Playing in Pinstripes AUG. 28, 2011         ROUNDUP   Twins Earn Rare Win Over Penny and Tigers; White Sox Top Mariners AUG. 28, 2011              Yankees’ Burnett Tormented by Lost Season AUG. 27, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 3, Orioles 2                                                             Yankees Salvage a Split but Lose Some Strength  By DAVID WALDSTEINAUG. 29, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Curtis Granderson scored on a double by Mark Teixeira against the Orioles' Alfredo Simon in the first inning Monday night.  Credit             Joe Giza/Reuters            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  BALTIMORE — A long, wet and almost costly weekend came to a satisfactory conclusion for the Yankees, who beat the Baltimore Orioles, 3-2, Monday night behind a masterly performance by Freddy Garcia, then headed to Boston for a three-game series against the division-leading Red Sox.But it will be a hobbled and short-handed club looking to overcome Boston’s game-and-a-half lead in the American League East.Alex Rodriguez, who aggravated his jammed left thumb Sunday, may not be able to play in any of the three games, and Derek Jeter has a sore knee that kept him out of his second straight game Monday. The Yankees’ starters for the coming series do not generate great confidence, and the bullpen is down to six relievers.“It’s an opportunity for someone to step up big,” Manager Joe Girardi said.No one stepped up bigger Monday than Garcia, who issued a statement performance to help wipe away some of the soggy residue from the beginning of the long weekend. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Yankees spent four days here, waited out Hurricane Irene in their hotel rooms, and sniped with the Orioles about the rescheduling due to the storm. They lost the first two games and two important players before splitting the series against a team that is the worst in the American League.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Now, it becomes more interesting in Boston.“Two great teams,” said Nick Swisher, who goes into Boston on a tear. “This series is big for us.”Swisher hit a two-run home run in the fourth inning Monday for his sixth homer in his last seven games. In the first inning, Mark Teixeira knocked in Curtis Granderson with a double to become the only player to record 100 runs batted in and 30 home runs in each of the last eight seasons.Granderson, Teixeira, Swisher and Robinson Cano, who singled and scored on Swisher’s home run, have all been vital as the Yankees have pushed on for a large chunk of the season without Rodriguez. And they will probably have to continue doing so for at least a short while.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Jeter said he planned to play Tuesday in Boston, but Rodriguez is questionable for the series. After reinjuring his left thumb in the first game of Sunday’s doubleheader, he went back to New York on Monday to have it examined.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Although results of a magnetic resonance imaging test were encouraging, Girardi was pessimistic that Rodriguez would be able to play for at least a few days. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “We’re going to try and heal it up as much as we can before we put it out there,” Girardi said.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Perhaps of even greater concern to the Yankees is the lineup of pitchers they have scheduled for Boston, and that includes the ace C. C. Sabathia, who will pitch the opener Tuesday. Normally, Sabathia is among the most dependable pitchers in baseball. But in four starts against the Red Sox this year, he is 0-4 with a 7.21 earned run average.On Wednesday, it will be Phil Hughes, who was battered in his last outing, and on Thursday the struggling A. J. Burnett gets perhaps his last chance to remain in the rotation.After the way Garcia threw Monday, he might have been the best option. Pitching for the first time in 22 days, Garcia dominated the Orioles with a full array of pitches, including the split-finger fastball that he had not been able to throw after he cut his right index finger early this month.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Garcia held the Orioles to one run, on a Mark Reynolds home run, and two hits in six sterling innings, making an airtight case that he should not be removed from the rotation again. Garcia is 7-2 over his last 11 starts, with a 2.41 E.R.A., and after Monday’s performance, Girardi said Garcia would take his next turn in the rotation.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “That was as good as it gets,” Girardi said.After allowing a double in the first, Garcia he set down the next 11 Orioles, three by strikeout. With one out in the fifth, he hung a slider to Reynolds, who powered it into the left-field seats for the Orioles’ first run and Garcia’s only blemish.“No problem today,” Garcia said. “Everything was working.”Rafael Soriano pitched a scoreless seventh, but in the eighth, Dave Robertson allowed his first home run of the season, a solo shot by J. J. Hardy. Robertson got through that inning, and Mariano Rivera closed it in the ninth for his 34th save.And with that, the Yankees finally left town after four days, headed for Boston, where a real divisional test awaited them.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  INSIDE PITCHWith the home run by J. J. Hardy, Dave Robertson allowed his first road run of the season after 28 consecutive scoreless appearances. Robertson and Freddy Garcia had homerless streaks of 682/3 innings snapped. ... The rehabilitating left-handed relief pitchers Pedro Feliciano and Damaso Marte each were shut down after feeling what Joe Girardi described as bad soreness in their injured left shoulders. Feliciano, 35, could be facing career-threatening surgery, Girardi said.  A version of this article appears in print on August 30, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Yankees Salvage a Split But Lose Some Strength.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Red Sox Sellout Streak Will Hit 700 Games on Friday AUG. 29, 2011                       
3 New York Yankees' Derek Jeter, right, pauses during an at-bat in the eighth inning of the first baseball game of a doubleheader as Baltimore Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, left, waits on Sunday, Aug. 28, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 2-0. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter was scratched from the starting lineup for Sunday night's game against the Orioles after bruising his right knee in the opener of the split doubleheader.The injury could keep him out of Monday's game, too.Jeter played in his 2,402nd game with New York on Sunday afternoon, breaking a tie with Mickey Mantle for most in a Yankees uniform. He fouled a ball off his knee in the third inning of New York's 2-0 loss and remained in the game, but acknowledged afterward that "it hurt."After the first game, Jeter insisted he would play in the nightcap. He was in the original starting lineup, but was removed shortly before the first pitch and replaced at shortstop by Eduardo Nunez."We iced it between games and afterward, and it swelled up and became a challenge," Jeter said after the second game."You guys asked me, and when I told you I was fine, I really was fine. It was really bizarre to be honest with you. After we iced it, it swelled up."Yankees manager Joe Girardi said Jeter probably would not be available for the finale of the four-game series Monday night."He came in after the game and he iced and then he got really, really sore to the point they x-rayed it," Girardi said. "The x-rays came back negative. After the game, maybe the adrenaline is gone, he got really sore. He's day-to-day. I don't think we'll have him (Monday)."Jeter wasn't so sure."We'll see what happens," he said. "I'm hopeful to play whenever."Jeter had difficulty explaining why his right knee suddenly became bothersome."It's a bizarre circumstance because I was ready to play," he said. "I finished the (first) game, it felt like I had been hit like I have been hit a lot of times. Then it just blew up between games." 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Zach Britton (53) delivers a pitch against the New York Yankees during the first inning of the first baseball game of a doubleheader, Sunday, Aug. 28, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Even without Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez in the lineup, the New York Yankees still pack a wallop.Curtis Granderson hit two of New York's five home runs, rookie Ivan Nova won his 10th straight decision, and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 8-3 Sunday night for a split of a day-night doubleheader.Granderson hit a three-run drive in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh to take over the major league lead in homers (38) and RBIs (107)."It's incredible what he's done this year," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "There's a lot of talk about MVP, and that will all be settled later. He's been unbelievable for us."In the first game, rookie Zach Britton allowed four hits over seven innings to lead the Orioles to a 2-0 victory. It was Jeter's 2,402nd game with New York, breaking a tie with Mickey Mantle for most in a Yankees uniform.But Jeter fouled a ball off his right knee in the third inning, and although he shook off the pain to finish the game, the Yankees captain was a late scratch in the nightcap with a bruised knee."We iced it between games and afterward, and it swelled up and became a challenge," Jeter said after the second game.X-rays were negative, but Girardi expressed doubt about Jeter's availability Monday night for the finale of the four-game series.Rodriguez also watched Game 2 from the dugout with a sore left thumb."We just felt it wasn't in our best interest in playing him, either," Girardi said.The second game was tied at 3 before New York hit three straight homers in a four-run sixth. After Robinson Cano connected with a man on, Nick Swisher and Andruw Jones also went deep. It was the first time the Yankees hit three successive homers since May 20, 2009, against Baltimore.Despite the power surge, Girardi hates the idea of being without Jeter and Rodriguez."We need to get them healthy," he said. "It is somewhat of a concern."Nova (14-4) gave up three runs and seven hits in seven-plus innings, striking out seven and walking two. The right-hander has won seven straight starts and is 10-0 in 11 outings since June 3.Brian Matusz (1-7) allowed six runs and six hits — including three home runs — in 5 1-3 innings. Adam Jones had two RBIs for the Orioles, whose six-game winning streak ended.Baltimore led 2-0 before Granderson hit his first homer. He has 11 career two-homer games, including four this season.Granderson still doesn't consider himself to be a slugger."It's one of those freak things," he said. "I was thinking about the home run guys, those that can do it, they hit mammoth shots. Mine, as long as they get over the fence, that's great."In the first game, Britton allowed four singles, struck out five and walked one before being pulled after throwing a career-high 120 pitches. It was a vivid contrast from his previous start against the Yankees, when he yielded nine runs and got only one out in a 17-3 loss July 30."I wasn't thinking about getting revenge or anything," Britton said. "You have to have a short memory."Britton (8-9) has given up only one run over 12 innings since coming off the disabled list (strained left shoulder) on Aug. 22. Before going on the DL, he surrendered 23 runs in three starts."Not only was it like a break for me physically, but mentally, too," Britton said of his time off.The game was scoreless until the seventh, when Nick Markakis doubled and Vladimir Guerrero singled. Baltimore added a run in the eighth when Mark Reynolds led off with his third hit and scored on a two-out single by J.J. Hardy.Jim Johnson pitched a perfect eighth and Kevin Gregg worked the ninth for his 19th save, getting Rodriguez to hit into a double play after giving up a one-out single to Mark Teixeira, who had three hits.Cano went 0 for 3, ending his 17-game hitting streak. He had also hit in 18 consecutive games at Camden Yards.The Yankees failed to get a runner past first base in their first shutout loss since June 13.Bartolo Colon (8-9) gave up two runs and seven hits in 7 2-3 innings. He had a two-hitter through six innings before faltering. He has lost his last three starts and is 2-6 in his last eight decisions.But he considered this effort to be a breakthrough."I feel very happy. Thank God that everything is back together," he said through a translator. "We'll see how far we're going to go."NOTES: The nightcap was rescheduled from Saturday's doubleheader rainout. The other game will be made up on Sept. 8 at 1:05 p.m. ... Britton's 120 pitches were most by an Oriole this season. ... New York intends to activate RHP Freddy Garcia (cut index finger) from the DL to start in Monday's series finale. Alfredo Simon (4-6) will pitch for the Orioles. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 5, Red Sox 2                                                             Rivalry Heats Up as Yankees Draw Closer in the Division Race  By DAVID WALDSTEINAUG. 30, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BOSTON — Another spark was thrown into the combustible rivalry between the Yankees and the Boston Red Sox Tuesday, when players fumed, benches emptied and coaches were ejected.In the acrimonious history of these teams in which players like Thurman Munson, Carlton Fisk, Bill Lee, Pedro Martinez and Alex Rodriguez settled differences with harsh words, bean balls and fists, add Francisco Cervelli and John Lackey to the rostrum.Their incident in the seventh inning never flared into a full-blown brawl, but it certainly added spice to the race in the American League East, which the Yankees narrowed to a half game by beating Boston, 5-2, at Fenway Park.“It’s Yankees-Boston,” Cervelli said. “Everybody’s got a lot of adrenaline and everybody wants to win.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      C.C. Sabathia (18-7) finally beat the Red Sox after four losses this season, but required 128 pitches over six innings, the second highest total of his career. He threw 130 in 2008 while with the Milwaukee Brewers.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The game also featured the ejections of Joe Girardi, who was tossed by the third base umpire Mark Wegner in the ninth for arguing whether Jarrod Saltalamacchia was hit by a pitch, and Yankees pitching coach Larry Rothschild, who was also tossed by Wegner during the main event in the seventh.After Cervelli hit a towering home run off Lackey in the fifth and Cervelli responded with a mild, but demonstrative hand clap upon touching home plate, Lackey appeared to pay him back two innings later with the fastball in Cervelli’s back. Photo       Francisco Cervelli, left, with Jarrod Saltalamacchia after being hit by a pitch.  Credit             Winslow Townson/Associated Press           Girardi said he thought Lackey did it intentionally, and Cervelli, Sabathia and most of the Yankees agreed.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lackey, not surprisingly, disavowed any intent, saying he was only trying to brush Cervelli off the plate. But he did acknowledge being annoyed at Cervelli’s hand clap.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I thought it was a little excessive, honestly,” Lackey said. “But that’s not a spot you handle something like that.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Cervelli reacted angrily toward Lackey, who of course, did not back down. Saltalamacchia, the catcher, moved out in front of Cervelli, and as they began to jaw at one another, both teams and their managers poured out of the dugouts and onto the field.“I don’t remember what was said,” said Cervelli, who is from Venezuela. “There was a lot of Spanish. I forgot my English.”For a moment the incident could have turned ugly, but Girardi hustled to escort Cervelli away from Lackey and toward first base, and no punches were thrown.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Sabathia, who was already out of the game but sitting in the dugout chatting with Rothschild, came rushing onto the field once again, angrily yelling and pointing at the opposition. Photo       Curtis Granderson was greeted by Derek Jeter after scoring on a double by Robinson Cano in the Yankees' two-run fourth.  Credit             Elsa/Getty Images           Lackey’s indiscretion was costly because Cervelli — after cooling off at first base during a conversation with Red Sox first baseman Adrian Gonzalez — scored an insurance run.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Yankees were leading by 4-2 at the time and Cervelli went to second on a passed ball and to third on a bunt single by Brett Gardner. Derek Jeter hit into a double play, but Cervelli was able to score.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In the ninth, the Red Sox brought the tying run to the plate after Saltalamacchia was hit on the hands, but Girardi argued that he was swinging at the time. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “That’s a huge out,” Girardi said. “That brought the tying run to the plate.”But it did not matter as Mariano Rivera got Josh Reddick to line out to left to notch his 35th save.The Yankees took a 3-0 lead through three and a half innings, but the Red Sox came back with two in the fourth when Carl Crawford homered off Sabathia and Saltalamacchia scored on a two-out double by Marco Scutaro.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  That brought Gonzalez, who entered the game batting .345 with 103 runs batted in, to the plate. Sabathia, who had already struck him out twice, made it three in a row with another nasty slider out of the strike zone that left Gonzalez flailing.To reward his pitcher, Cervelli led off the fifth with his towering blast off Lackey, only his second home run of the season. It cleared the Green Monster and landed with a clap, later followed by a plunk and a spark.INSIDE PITCHAlex Rodriguez was administered a cortisone shot Monday for his sprained left thumb and is not expected to play in the three-game series with the Red Sox. Rodriguez said doctors told him he had a Grade 1 sprain of the thumb and that he should not touch a bat for two days. He said he hoped to play Friday against the Toronto Blue Jays at Yankee Stadium. ... Joe Girardi announced his starting pitching for the first two games against the Toronto Blue Jays this weekend. He said Ivan Nova would pitch Friday and Bartolo Colon Saturday. Presumably Freddy Garcia, who did so well Monday against the Baltimore Orioles, would pitch Sunday, but Girardi declined to project the rotation out that far. He maintained he still planned to get the rotation down to five by next week.  A version of this article appears in print on August 31, 2011, on Page B12 of the New York edition with the headline: Rivalry Heats Up as Yankees Draw Closer in the Division Race.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          ON BASEBALL   Sabathia Shows His Value to the Yankees AUG. 30, 2011         ROUNDUP   Surprising Homer Delivers Tigers in the 10th AUG. 30, 2011         BATS   Rodriguez Is Likely to Miss Boston Series AUG. 30, 2011                       
3 View photosNew York Yankees designated hitter Jorge Posada, right, has words with home plate umpire Vic Carapazza (85) after he was called out on strikes during the second inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles, Monday, Aug. 29, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Freddy Garcia picked up where he left off in his return from the disabled list, and Nick Swisher took it upon himself to make up for the absence of the New York Yankees' two most notable stars.Garcia pitched six innings of two-hit ball, Swisher homered and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 3-2 Monday night to earn a split of the four-game series.It was New York's second straight win without third baseman Alex Rodriguez and shortstop Derek Jeter. Rodriguez will join the team in Boston on Tuesday after getting an MRI on his sore left thumb in New York, and Jeter rested a bruised right knee but was available "in case of an emergency," manager Joe Girardi said.Swisher made sure Jeter stayed on the bench. His 21st homer, the sixth in seven games, gave New York a 3-0 lead."Obviously when you're in that situation, you want to be the guy to try and step up," Swisher said. "I know everyone in the lineup is stepping their game up a little bit."Mark Teixeira doubled in a run to help New York move within 1½ games of the first-place Red Sox in the AL East. The Yankees next face Boston for a three-game set in Fenway Park, and they'll bringing some momentum with them."I always use the word tenacity, but to come in here and lose those first two games, and the way we bounced back to win these last two is huge," Swisher said. "That's great baseball, especially heading into a big series this week."Jeter hopes to be ready to play Tuesday in Boston."That's the plan, I hope so," he said after the game. "It feels a lot better than it did yesterday."After being sidelined for three weeks with a cut right index finger, Garcia (11-7) allowed one run, walked one and struck out four to win his fourth straight decision. The right-hander is 4-0 with a 1.72 ERA in his last five starts."I have to be happy. I wasn't pitching for almost three weeks," Garcia said. "I'm glad to do my job and get a win. We needed it."Baltimore's only hits against Garcia were a first-inning double by Adam Jones and a solo homer to Mark Reynolds in the fifth. The homer was the first against Garcia in 11 starts since June 7."He hung one slider to Mark Reynolds and gave us six great innings," Girardi said. "I would have signed up for that if someone would have asked what we were going to get from him tonight. He was excellent."J.J. Hardy also homered for Baltimore, which was seeking to win a four-game series against New York for the first time since 1997.Coming close and playing well was no consolation."Nobody's happy with a split," manager Buck Showalter said. "But that's a good baseball team, playing a real meaningful game. And you can see how close it is; those small things. It's close, but I don't think anybody's satisfied in there, and neither am I."The Orioles closed to 3-2 when Hardy connected on an 0-2 pitch from David Robertson in the eighth. It was his 26th home run, matching a career high set with Milwaukee in 2007.It was also the first run Robertson allowed on the road this season. The Orioles then got a runner to second with two outs before Robertson struck out Jones.Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth to complete the three-hitter and earn his 34th save.Alfredo Simon (4-7) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings for Baltimore."They pitched just a tad better than we did," Showalter said.New York got a first-inning run when Curtis Granderson walked and scored his major league-leading 122nd run on a double by Teixeira.In the fourth, Robinson Cano hit a one-out single before Swisher hit Simon's next pitch over the 25-foot scoreboard in right.Garcia retired 11 straight batters before Reynolds hit his 31st home run.NOTES: To make room for Garcia, the Yankees optioned reliever Hector Noesi to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes Barre. ... Hardy extended his hitting streak to 12 games. ... The Yankees send CC Sabathia (17-7) to the mound Tuesday night in the opener of a three-game series against the Red Sox. New York is 2-10 against Boston this season, 2-4 at Fenway Park. ... Baltimore begins a three-game set against Toronto on Tuesday night. The Orioles will start RHP Jeremy Guthrie (6-16), whose 3.62 career ERA against the Blue Jays is the best against any AL East foe. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees relief pitcher Mariano Rivera delivers a pitch against the Baltimore Orioles during the ninth inning of a baseball game, Monday, Aug. 29, 2011, in Baltimore. The Yankees won 3-2. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)MoreBATLIMORE (AP) — On most occasions, the Baltimore Orioles would be delighted to split four games with the New York Yankees.Not this time. Not after winning the first two games and giving the Yankees all they could handle Monday night in a 3-2 loss.Alfredo Simon gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings, but New York's Freddy Garcia was even better and cost Baltimore a chance to win a four-game series from New York for the first time since 1997."We played really solid baseball all four games," said Mark Reynolds, who hit his 31st homer for the Orioles. "We caught the ball well behind guys, we swung the bats pretty decent and we pitched pretty well. Seems like they got the extra hit that we didn't get the last two games, and they came out on top."It was New York's second straight win without third baseman Alex Rodriguez and shortstop Derek Jeter. Rodriguez will join the team in Boston on Tuesday after getting an MRI on his sore left thumb in New York, and Jeter rested a bruised right knee but was available "in case of an emergency," manager Joe Girardi said.Swisher made sure Jeter stayed on the bench. His 21st homer, the sixth in seven games, gave New York a 3-0 lead."Obviously when you're in that situation, you want to be the guy to try and step up," Swisher said. "I know everyone in the lineup is stepping their game up a little bit."Mark Teixeira doubled in a run to help New York move within 1½ games of the first-place Red Sox in the AL East. The Yankees next face Boston for a three-game set in Fenway Park, and they'll bringing some momentum with them."I always use the word tenacity, but to come in here and lose those first two games, and the way we bounced back to win these last two is huge," Swisher said. "That's great baseball, especially heading into a big series this week."After being sidelined for three weeks with a cut right index finger, Garcia (11-7) allowed one run and two hits over six innings to win his fourth straight decision. The right-hander is 4-0 with a 1.72 ERA in his last five starts."He throws pitches in counts where you are not looking for them. He stays away," Reynolds said. "You think he's going to give you a pitch to hit. He never really does."Baltimore's only hits against Garcia were a first-inning double by Adam Jones and a solo homer by Reynolds in the fifth. The homer was the first against Garcia in 11 starts since June 7.J.J. Hardy also homered for Baltimore. It was his 26th of the season, tying a career high set with Milwaukee in 2007.But the Orioles came up a run short, and playing well in defeat was no consolation."Nobody's happy with a split," manager Buck Showalter said. "But that's a good baseball team, playing a real meaningful game. And you can see how close it is; those small things. It's close, but I don't think anybody's satisfied in there, and neither am I."The Orioles closed to 3-2 when Hardy connected on an 0-2 pitch from David Robertson in the eighth, the first run allowed by Robertson on the road this season. Baltimore then got a runner to second with two outs before Robertson struck out Jones.Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth to complete the three-hitter and earn his 34th save.New York got a first-inning run against Simon (4-7) when Curtis Granderson walked and scored his major league-leading 122nd run on a double by Teixeira.In the fourth, Robinson Cano hit a one-out single before Swisher hit Simon's next pitch over the 25-foot scoreboard in right.Garcia retired 11 straight batters before Reynolds homered.NOTES: To make room for Garcia, the Yankees optioned reliever Hector Noesi to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes Barre. ... Hardy extended his hitting streak to 12 games. ... The Yankees send CC Sabathia (17-7) to the mound Tuesday night in the opener of a three-game series against the Red Sox. New York is 2-10 against Boston this season, 2-4 at Fenway Park. ... Baltimore begins a three-game set against Toronto on Tuesday night. The Orioles will start RHP Jeremy Guthrie (6-16), whose 3.62 career ERA against the Blue Jays is the best against any AL East foe. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays pitcher Brian Tallet reacts with two runners on with no outs in the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011 in Baltimore. The Orioles won 6-5 in 10 innings.(AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Brian Tallet didn't mince words or make excuses. Called upon to record his first career save, the Toronto Blue Jays left-hander didn't get the job done."Yeah, it was a pretty (bad) result, huh?" Tallet said after coughing up two 10th-inning runs in a 6-5 Baltimore Orioles victory over Toronto on Tuesday night. "It's what happens when you don't throw strikes early in the game, early when you get in there and let those guys get on base. Anything can happen and that's what happened."The Blue Jays didn't make the most of early offensive opportunities and, while they took advantage of numerous mistakes by the bumbling Orioles, they couldn't put Baltimore away.In the 10th, they ran into some old-fashioned bad luck, when right-hander Casey Janssen came up with a tight lat in his throwing shoulder and couldn't return to the mound after dispatching the Orioles on 13 pitches in the ninth."We're going to evaluate him, see where he's at," said acting Toronto manager Don Wakamatsu, adding that he didn't believe Janssen's injury was serious.Wakamatsu was filling in for manager John Farrell, who remained in Toronto while being treated for pneumonia. Farrell is expected to miss the three-game series in Baltimore.The Orioles botched their bunt defense, muffed an infield pop fly for an error, twice failed to get bunts down successfully and blew a one-run lead in the ninth inning. Yet one swing of rookie Ryan Adams' bat erased their many miscues."It wasn't looking good there for a minute, but we battled back," said Adams, who capped a two-run rally in the bottom of the 10th with an RBI single.Matt Wieters led off the Baltimore 10th by drawing a walk off Tallet (0-2). Mark Reynolds walked and, after Robert Andino bunted a foul third strike, pinch hitter Jake Fox hit a game-tying single to right with Reynolds taking third.Adams followed with a deep fly ball off the warning track in right-center beyond a drawn-in outfield."In that situation, I was just trying to get the ball in the air," Adams said. "They were playing (the outfield) in and I got a pitch up. Right away, I knew it was going to be deep enough to get him in."The victory went to Willie Eyre (1-0), whose wild pitch in the top of the 10th had put the Blue Jays ahead 5-4. That was the last in a long line of mental and physical mistakes that failed to undo the resilient Orioles.Andino's 10th-inning bunt attempt was the second time he was unable to advance runners, and some shoddy defense in the ninth contributed to a delayed — and undefended double steal — as Toronto tied the game on Yunel Escobar's sacrifice fly."I know exactly what should have happened and didn't happen and it won't happen again, especially considering the people," said Baltimore manager Buck Showalter when asked about the wacky bunt play.Wieters homered for Baltimore, which has won seven of nine.The Blue Jays have lost five of six."You've got to take it as it comes and analyze it and you've just got to suck it up and move on to tomorrow," said Toronto's Brett Lawrie. "There's no sense in dwelling on it. You've got to come back tomorrow and keep playing."Lawrie's sixth homer staked Toronto to a 3-0 lead in the second. After one-out walks to Edwin Encarnacion and Kelly Johnson, Lawrie ripped a 1-2 curveball from Jeremy Guthrie into the left-field stands.Wieters' two-run shot cut the lead to a run in the bottom of the inning. Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single and Wieters homered to center off Brett Cecil, his 15th.Cecil's throwing error in the fourth allowed Baltimore to tie the game at 3. Andino doubled with two down and came around on an infield single by Nolan Reimold after Cecil threw wildly past first base.The Blue Jays loaded the bases with none down in the fifth, but squandered the opportunity. Encarnacion bounced into a 1-2-3 double play and Johnson flied out to center."There were several different opportunities to score, to do some things and the bottom line is we put ourselves in a position," Wakamatsu said. "We talked about not giving up and going to the end."Guerrero's RBI double in the bottom of the fifth put the Orioles ahead, scoring Adam Jones, who had drawn a one-out walk.Cecil yielded four runs on eight hits over six innings, walking two and striking out four. Guthrie allowed three runs on six hits, walked two and struck out five.Trying to protect a 4-3 lead in the ninth, Baltimore's Kevin Gregg instead blew his fifth save in 24 chances. J.P. Arencibia led off with a single and was replaced by pinch runner Dewayne Wise. Mike McCoy walked on four pitches and, when the Orioles flubbed their wheel-play defense on Escobar's bunt attempt, both runners moved up on an unconventional double steal, each benefiting from an unprotected base.Escobar followed with a game-tying sacrifice fly to right.NOTES: Baltimore snapped an eight-game losing streak in one-run games. ... Toronto reliever Jon Rauch completed a 25-pitch simulated game Tuesday afternoon and appears close to rejoining the active roster. Rauch, who underwent an appendectomy August 16, will be re-evaluated Wednesday but is likely to be activated off the disabled list Thursday, according to Wakamatsu. ... 1B Chris Davis, who is on the 15-day disabled list with a torn labrum in his right shoulder, took 25 swings off a tee and participated in throwing drills at the Orioles complex in Sarasota, Fla., on Tuesday. ... Orioles RHP Jason Berken's wife Emily gave birth to a 5-lb., 12-oz. baby girl, Hadley Lane, on Tuesday afternoon. ... In 27 starts this season, Guthrie has yet to win consecutive decisions. ... Toronto right-hander Henderson Alvarez (0-2) faces Baltimore lefty Jo-Jo Reyes (7-10) on Wednesday. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */MacPhail stays quiet on future with OriolesPresident of baseball operations won't comment on report he won't return next seasonAugust 31, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunOrioles president of baseball operations Andy MacPhail remains mum about his future with the club even as a report surfaced Tuesday night that he will leave the organization when his contract expires Oct. 31. USA Today, citing two high-ranking Orioles officials, reported on its website that MacPhail has decided he will not return for his fifth full season heading the front office. MacPhail declined to comment on the report, saying that nothing about his situation has changed and he can't help "speculation." "You can get two sources to say the moon is made out of green cheese," MacPhail said. Still, most people close to MacPhail feel that he's entering his final months in his role with the Orioles. Even after team owner Peter G. Angelos told The Baltimore Sun during spring training that MacPhail "is not going anywhere," the longtime baseball executive was noncommittal about returning. var adSkipCounter = 0;  His stance hasn't changed as the 58-year-old has maintained that he will wait to decide his future until late in the season. His refusal to publicly express interest in returning — or approach Angelos about a contract extension — has been interpreted as a sign that he is not interested in coming back. That point of view has been fueled even further by the fact that Angelos and manager Buck Showalter have been meeting regularly — with MacPhail's blessing — about the state of the club. Showalter has two years left on his contract after this season, and it's expected that he'll influence Angelos' decision on who will be the team's next president of baseball operations. USA Today also reported that New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman will be on the Orioles' list to fill their GM vacancy. Another potential candidate mentioned has been John Hart, the former GM of the Cleveland Indians and Texas Rangers who has a close relationship with Showalter. Meanwhile, the Orioles are closing in on their 14th consecutive losing season. With Tuesday night's 6-5 extra-inning victory over the Toronto Blue Jays, they improved to 54-79, which puts them on pace to finish 66-96, the same record they had last season. MacPhail took over the front office in June 2007, and shepherded the franchise through an arduous rebuilding process, trading All-Star shortstop Miguel Tejada and talented starter Erik Bedard for 10 total players. He said before this season that the team should be out of the toughest phases of rebuilding and it was time to start "moving the needle" in the win column. That hasn't happened, despite several of MacPhail's offseason moves working out. Shortstop J.J. Hardy, acquired from the Minnesota Twins in December for two minor league relievers, has been one of the best shortstops in baseball offensively and defensively this season, and he was rewarded with a three-year contract extension. Corner infielder Mark Reynolds has also provided the lineup with 31 homers and a much-needed jolt. But the infield offensive improvements have been largely nullified by the fact that most of the Orioles' young pitchers, the backbone of the rebuilding plan, have taken a huge step backward this season. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Baltimore Sun reporter Dan Connolly contributed to this article. Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Jake Fox, Ryan Adams, Adam Jones and and Matt Angle, from left, celebrate Adams' game-winning hit against the Toronto Blue Jays in the 10th inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011, in Baltimore. The Orioles won 6-5. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles botched their bunt defense, muffed an infield pop fly for an error, twice failed to get bunts down successfully and blew a one-run lead in the ninth inning.Yet one swing of rookie Ryan Adams' bat erased their many miscues.Adams capped a two-run, 10th-inning rally with an RBI single and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6-5 on Tuesday night."It wasn't looking good there for a minute, but we battled back," said Adams.Matt Wieters led off the Baltimore 10th by drawing a walk off Brian Tallet (0-2), who was trying for his first career save. Mark Reynolds walked and, after Robert Andino bunted a foul third strike, pinch hitter Jake Fox hit a game-tying single to right with Reynolds taking third.Adams followed with a deep fly ball off the warning track in right-center beyond a drawn-in outfield."In that situation, I was just trying to get the ball in the air," Adams said. "They were playing (the outfield) in and I got a pitch up. Right away, I knew it was going to be deep enough to get him in."The victory went to Willie Eyre (1-0), whose wild pitch in the top of the 10th had put the Blue Jays ahead 5-4. That was the last in a long like of mental and physical mistakes that failed to undo the resilient Orioles.Andino's 10th-inning bunt attempt was the second time he was unable to advance runners, and some shoddy defense in the ninth contributed to a delayed — and undefended double steal — as Toronto tied the game on Yunel Escobar's sacrifice fly."I know exactly what should have happened and didn't happen and it won't happen again, especially considering the people," said Baltimore manager Buck Showalter when asked about the wacky bunt play.The Blue Jays were without manager John Farrell, who is being treated for pneumonia in Toronto and is expected to miss the three-game series. Bench coach Don Wakamatsu ran the team in Farrell's absence.Toronto wanted to send Casey Janssen out for the 10th, but the right-hander came up with a tightness in a shoulder muscle, shelving him after a 13-pitch scoreless ninth."We're going to evaluate him, see where he's at," said Wakamatsu, adding that he didn't believe Janssen's injury was serious.That put Tallet into an unfamiliar role."Yeah, it was a pretty (bad) result, huh?" Tallet said. "It's what happens when you don't throw strikes early in the game, early when you get in there and let those guys get on base. Anything can happen and that's what happened."Wieters homered for Baltimore, which has won seven of nine.The Blue Jays have lost five of six."You've got to take it as it comes and analyze it and you've just got to suck it up and move on to tomorrow," said Toronto's Brett Lawrie. "There's no sense in dwelling on it. You've got to come back tomorrow and keep playing."Lawrie's sixth homer staked Toronto to a 3-0 lead in the second. After one-out walks to Edwin Encarnacion and Kelly Johnson, Lawrie ripped a 1-2 curveball from Jeremy Guthrie into the left-field stands.Wieters' two-run shot cut the lead to a run in the bottom of the inning. Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single and Wieters homered to center off Brett Cecil, his 15th.Cecil's throwing error in the fourth allowed Baltimore to tie the game at 3. Andino doubled with two down and came around on an infield single by Nolan Reimold after Cecil threw wildly past first base.The Blue Jays loaded the bases with none down in the fifth, but squandered the opportunity. Encarnacion bounced into a 1-2-3 double play and Johnson flied out to center."There were several different opportunities to score, to do some things and the bottom line is we put ourselves in a position," Wakamatsu said. "We talked about not giving up and going to the end."Guerrero's RBI double in the bottom of the fifth put the Orioles ahead, scoring Adam Jones, who had drawn a one-out walk.Cecil yielded four runs on eight hits over six innings, walking two and striking out four. Guthrie allowed three runs on six hits, walked two and struck out five.Trying to protect a 4-3 lead in the ninth, Baltimore's Kevin Gregg instead blew his fifth save in 24 chances. J.P. Arencibia led off with a single and was replaced by pinch runner Dewayne Wise. Mike McCoy walked on four pitches and, when the Orioles flubbed their wheel-play defense on Escobar's bunt attempt, both runners moved up on an unconventional double steal, each benefiting from an unprotected base.Escobar followed with a game-tying sacrifice fly to right.NOTES: Baltimore snapped an eight-game losing streak in one-run games. ... Toronto reliever Jon Rauch completed a 25-pitch simulated game Tuesday afternoon and appears close to rejoining the active roster. Rauch, who underwent an appendectomy August 16, will be re-evaluated Wednesday but is likely to be activated off the disabled list Thursday, according to Wakamatsu. ... 1B Chris Davis, who is on the 15-day disabled list with a torn labrum in his right shoulder, took 25 swings off a tee and participated in throwing drills at the Orioles complex in Sarasota, Fla., on Tuesday. ... Orioles RHP Jason Berken's wife Emily gave birth to a 5-lb., 12-oz. baby girl, Hadley Lane, on Tuesday afternoon. ... In 27 starts this season, Guthrie has yet to win consecutive decisions. ... Toronto right-hander Henderson Alvarez (0-2) faces Baltimore lefty Jo-Jo Reyes (7-10) on Wednesday. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays' Brett Lawrie, center, high-fives his teammates in the dugout after hitting a two-run home run in the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Thursday, Sept. 1, 2011, in Baltimore. Toronto won 8-6. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — It was apparent months ago that the Baltimore Orioles were headed toward their 14th consecutive season without a winning record.The dubious distinction became official Thursday in a defeat that typifies their forgettable year.In an 8-6 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays, Baltimore wasted homers by Vladimir Guerrero and Matt Wieters. The Orioles trailed by three runs in the sixth inning, made up the deficit in the seventh and promptly gave the lead back in the eighth.And so, by dropping two of three to the Blue Jays, Baltimore fell to 54-81. One more loss and the Orioles will be saddled with their 14th straight losing record."We scored six runs. You like your chances there," manager Buck Showalter said. "We've had our challenges getting outs. Got back in it, went right back out there and gave up runs."After Guerrero tied it with his season-high fourth RBI of the game in the seventh, Willie Eyre walked leadoff hitter Kelly Johnson in the eighth and rookie Brett Lawrie followed with a homer for an 8-6 lead.Baltimore didn't get another baserunner the rest of the way.Orioles starter Tommy Hunter allowed six runs, five earned, in six innings.Showalter said the right-hander began feeling ill in the third inning and felt even worse after his performance."He was throwing up. He's heading to the hospital," Showalter said. "I'm not going to try to say what it is or what it isn't, but he won't make the trip (to Tampa Bay) with us right now."Lawrie made his debut at Camden Yards on Aug. 5. He's batting .417 in six games against the Orioles, all at Camden Yards. In addition, three of his seven homers and eight of his 20 RBIs have come in Baltimore."It's a home away from home. It's where it all started," Lawrie said. "We'll be back here some day."It will be too soon for the Orioles."He's a big ol' boy," Baltimore's Nick Markakis said. "He can swing the stick, no question about that. Their whole team can swing."Markakis' streak of 182 consecutive series with at least one hit ended. It's the first time he went hitless in a series since May 23-25, 2008, in Tampa Bay.Johnson also homered for the Blue Jays, who had 26 runs and 42 hits in the series. Yunel Escobar was 4 for 5 with two RBIs.Shawn Camp (2-3) finished the seventh inning, Jon Rauch worked a perfect eighth and Frank Francisco got three straight outs for his 12th save.The game was switched from 7:05 p.m. to 12:35 so the city could finalize plans for the first Baltimore Grand Prix. The change, combined with the lackluster matchup between the two bottom teams in the AL East, resulted in a meager crowd of 11,617.Toronto played a seventh straight game without manager John Farrell, who is recovering from pneumonia and won't be with the Jays at Yankee Stadium this weekend. Bench coach Don Wakamatsu is running the team in his place.The Orioles used successive doubles by Guerrero and Wieters to take a 1-0 lead in the second.Toronto responded with a two-run third that began with Hunter walking No. 9 hitter Mike McCoy, who took third on a double by Escobar. Eric Thames followed with a run-scoring groundout and Jose Bautista hit an RBI single.The Blue Jays made it 4-1 in the fourth. After Lawrie and J.P. Arencibia hit consecutive doubles, Escobar singled in a run.Guerrero and Wieters connected in succession in the bottom half, both on 3-2 pitches. It was the fourth time this season that Baltimore hit back-to-back home runs.Johnson led off the sixth with his 20th homer of the season and second in two games. He went 3 for 4 and is 9 for 17 in his last four games.Baltimore closed to 6-5 in the bottom half when starter Luis Perez walked the first two batters and Guerrero hit a two-run double. The Orioles then put runners at second and third with one out before Jesse Litsch retired the side.Guerrero drove in another run in the seventh with a slow roller to shortstop with one out and the bases loaded.NOTES: The Blue Jays activated Rauch (appendicitis) from the 15-day DL. ... The Orioles purchased the contracts of RHP Rick VandenHurk and OF Kyle Hudson from Triple-A Norfolk. ... The Blue Jays open a three-game series in New York on Friday. Toronto will start Brandon Morrow, who is averaging a major league-best 10.35 strikeouts per nine innings. ... Baltimore rookie Zach Britton will start Friday night in the opener of a three-game series against Tampa Bay. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jo-Jo Reyes walks off the mound after being pulled from the game in the third inning of a baseball game against the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday, Aug. 31, 2011, in Baltimore. Reyes gave up seven runs and eight hits in the first three innings of the game. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Jo-Jo Reyes was eager to show the Toronto Blue Jays they made a mistake by cutting him loose in early August.Instead, the left-hander put on a performance that justified their decision.Reyes didn't get out of the third inning, and the Baltimore Orioles managed only three hits over eight innings against rookie Henderson Alvarez in a 13-0 loss Wednesday night.Reyes (7-11) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 2 2-3 innings, matching his shortest start of the season. He yielded two homers, three singles and a double in a six-run third that sent Baltimore on its way to its worst shutout loss since an identical defeat against the White Sox on July 4, 2006."The way I left the ball up today, no matter what team was out there I was going to get hit hard," said Reyes, who was claimed off waivers from Toronto on Aug. 2. "Anytime you leave the ball up in this league you're going to get hit, and today showed it."Asked if Reyes' poor outing could be attributed to being too eager to face the Jays, Orioles manager Buck Showalter replied, "He's had some outings where he's pitched very similar to the way he pitched tonight and it wasn't against Toronto, so I'm not going to put a whole lot of credence in that."Reyes wasn't the only Orioles pitcher to struggle. Brad Bergesen gave up a homer to Edwin Encarnacion and Jose Bautista hit his 39th of the season off Troy Patton."We made a lot of bad pitches. When you give up 20 hits ... " Showalter said.The 21-year-old Alvarez (1-2) faced the minimum 21 batters through seven innings. Ryan Adams lined a clean single to center in the third and was immediately wiped out by a double play. Matt Angle reached on an error in the seventh before Jake Fox bounced into a double play.In the eighth, Vladimir Guerrero and Robert Andino singled before Alvarez worked out of trouble.The right-hander struck out five and walked none. He recorded only two outs on fly balls."He just had a really good sink to his ball tonight," said Adam Jones, who went 0 for 4. "He really wasn't throwing too many off-speed pitches. He just had a lot of sink and was hitting some spots, and it was tough to square up."At 21 years and 135 days, Alvarez is the youngest Toronto pitcher to earn a victory since Kelvim Escobar in 1997 and the youngest starter to win since Phil Huffman in 1979."He had composure, aggressiveness," said Toronto bench coach Don Wakamatsu, subbing for ailing manager John Farrell. "He pitched a phenomenal game and I think it breathes a little life into the offense."The Blue Jays' 20 hits tied a season high. Encarnacion went 4 for 5 with a homer and two doubles, and Yunel Escobar and Eric Thames also had four hits apiece. Bautista and Kelly Johnson each contributed three RBIs.Toronto used doubles by Encarnacion and rookie Brett Lawrie to go up 1-0 in the second. That only served as a precursor for the offensive fireworks to follow.In the third, Thames doubled in a run and scored on a single by Adam Lind. After Encarnacion singled, Johnson hit his first homer since being traded to Toronto from Arizona on Aug. 23. Jose Molina capped the uprising with a solo shot.Toronto made it 11-0 in the fourth. After Thames doubled in a run and Bautista hit a run-scoring grounder, Encarnacion homered.Bautista connected in the sixth.Baltimore rookie Zach Phillips made his major league debut in the eighth and worked out of a bases-loaded jam.NOTES: Farrell, who is recovering from pneumonia, will not join the team in New York for the series that starts Friday. ... The Orioles traded LH reliever Mike Gonzalez to Texas for a player to be named. ... RHP Jon Rauch (appendicitis) will come off the 15-day DL and join the team Thursday, Wakamatsu said. ... Baltimore's J.J. Hardy had his 13-game hitting streak end. He went 0 for 2 before leaving for a pinch hitter in the seventh. Teammate Mark Reynolds' 10-game streak ended with an 0-for-3, three-strikeout performance. ... Luis Perez (3-2) will start for the Blue Jays on Thursday afternoon in the deciding game of the three-game series. He will face Tommy Hunter (3-2), who's 2-0 over his last three starts. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */This day in Orioles history: September 29September 01, 2011September 29, 1953: Baltimore was awarded the St. Louis Browns, bringing major-league baseball back to the city. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Verlander’s 21st Win Keeps Tigers in Control of A.L. Central  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSSEPT. 2, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Justin Verlander took a shutout into the eighth inning, earning his 21st victory, as the Tigers expanded their American League Central lead over the Chicago White Sox with an 8-1 win Friday night in Detroit.The White Sox had won five of six, but they fell six and a half games behind the first-place Tigers.“They definitely had everything rolling tonight, and they had their big gun out there,” Chicago’s Juan Pierre said. “He pretty much went through us any way he wanted.”Austin Jackson had three hits, including a two-run homer, for the Tigers, and Jhonny Peralta added a three-run double in a five-run fifth.Verlander (21-5) improved to 19-2 since May 1, allowing one run and seven hits in seven and a third innings. He walked one and struck out six. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      INDIANS 5, ROYALS 4 Home runs by Asdrubal Cabrera and Jason Donald carried Cleveland at Kansas City. The second-place Indians (69-66) matched their 2010 victory total and remained five and a half games behind Detroit.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Royals shortstop Alcides Escobar sprained his left foot as he tried to beat out a bunt and is considered day-to-day.RANGERS 10, RED SOX 0 Derek Holland (13-5) allowed two hits in seven innings, and visiting Texas backed him with homers by Ian Kinsler, David Murphy and Elvis Andrus. The Rangers came in scoring a major-league-best 7.29 runs a game for Holland.The Red Sox fell to second place in the A.L. East, half a game behind the Yankees.BREWERS 8, ASTROS 2 Prince Fielder had four hits, including a two-run homer in the ninth inning, as Milwaukee scored all its runs in the last three innings at Houston.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The first-place Brewers moved eight and a half games ahead of St. Louis in the National League Central after they were swept by the Cardinals in a three-game series this week. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    REDS 11, CARDINALS 8 Cincinnati’s Juan Francisco hit a three-run homer and drove in five runs at St. Louis. Yonder Alonso had a two-run homer and scored three runs for the Reds, who recovered after blowing a 5-0 lead.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PHILLIES 5, MARLINS 3 John Mayberry drove in three runs with a homer and a sacrifice fly as visiting Philadelphia won its fifth straight and climbed to 42 games above .500 for the first time in the franchise’s 129 years. The Phillies (88-46) were 41 games over in 1976.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  DODGERS 8, BRAVES 6 James Loney hit a three-run double and Andre Ethier a two-run single in the seventh as Los Angeles rallied from a 5-3 deficit at Atlanta.IN OTHER GAMES Zach Britton (9-9) allowed two runs in six innings as the Baltimore Orioles beat the host Tampa Bay Rays, 3-2. ... Brian Burres, 30, pitched into the sixth inning in his first start of the season, and Alex Presley hit two triples for the Pittsburgh Pirates in a 3-1 win over the Cubs in Chicago.ZAMBRANO WILL NOT RETURN Chicago Cubs pitcher Carlos Zambrano will sit out the rest of the season after his 30-day suspension concludes on Sept. 11. The Cubs said there was insufficient time for him to get ready to pitch again.MCKEON WANTS TO STAY Florida Marlins Manager Jack McKeon says that he wants to keep working in 2012, when he will be 81, but that he has not talked to the organization about whether he will come back as the manager. The Marlins are expected to hire a new manager for next season, when they will move into a new ballpark with an increased player payroll and higher expectations.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I would kind of hope I’d stay with them in some capacity,” said McKeon, who worked part time as a special assistant to the team before being named manager.  A version of this article appears in print on September 3, 2011, on Page D7 of the New York edition with the headline: Verlander’s 21st Win Keeps Tigers in Control of A.L. Central.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
6  In tonight's battle of the lefties, Zach Britton somehow prevailed in a game that was dominated by David Price for six innings. Britton allowed two runs in the first, then held the Rays long enough for the Orioles to get to Price for three runs in the seventh inning. The bullpen held the one-run lead for three innings, no thanks to the increasingly cartoonish Kevin Gregg, giving the Orioles the victory.  Going by the first inning of tonight's game, it didn't look like it would be a good night for the Orioles. Price needed just eleven pitches to retire the side in order with two strikeouts, then Britton came on and didn't look sharp at all. After a leadoff single from Desmond Jennings, Britton walked Johnny Damon. That set the table for Evan Longoria, who lined a double down the left field line to easily score both runners.  After getting the next two batters (with Longoria moving to third on a fly ball out), Britton hit Sean Rodriguez. Rodriguez promptly stole second, but Zach struck out Casey Kotchman to end the inning. It was a thirty-one pitch inning, and it looked like it was going to be a long night for Britton and the Orioles. When the second inning started, it looked like it would be more of the same. Jose Lobaton (I don't know who he is, either) led off with a double, then for some reason Brandon Guyer bunted him to third base. Thanks for that, Rays.  Britton followed that with another walk, this one to Jennings. With runners on first and third with one out it looked like trouble, but Britton induced a ground ball from Damon for an inning-ending double play.    Though the Rays wasted that opportunity, the way Britton was pitching it seemed like they'd have plenty more. They wouldn't, though, as Britton settled down. Over the next four innings he allowed just two more baserunners, one of whom was eliminated on a double play. It was great to see the rookie work through his troubles and come back strong like that.  Well done, Zach! His final pitching line was 6 IP, 4 H, 2 ER, 3 BB, 6 K.     Unfortunately it didn't look like the Orioles would be able to take advantage of Britton's good night. Through six innings the Orioles had just three base runners, and Price racked up ten strikeouts. In fact, he struck out every hitter in the lineup except for Vladimir Guerrero.  The O's only chance against Price early in the game came in the second inning. Guerrero worked a walk (that feels weird to type) and Matt Wieters followed that with a single. Price responded by striking out the next two batters, then Nolan Reimold flied out to end the inning. Beginning with the strikeout of Mark Reynolds that followed Wieters' single, Price retired fourteen straight Orioles until Nick Markakis reached on an error with two outs in the sixth inning.     Going into the seventh inning, Price had thrown just 81 pitches and had shown no signs of slowing down. But something happened and he lost the strike zone, giving the Orioles to finally come back.  Guerrero, again leading off the inning, singled to right field. After Wieters was called out on strikes, Price walked Reynolds and Robert Andino back-to-back. That loaded the bases for Nolan Reimold, who hit a long fly ball to left field. Vlad tagged up and put the Orioles on the board.  The O's caught a lucky break after that, as Ryan Adams swung at the first pitch and hit it towards Kotchman at first. Kotchman got a glove on the ball, but it bounced away from him and to Ben Zobrist at second base. No one could get to first in time to cover, though, and Adams was safe. That re-loaded the bases for J.J. Hardy.  Price and Hardy engaged in a good battle, with Price pumping in 97-mph fastballs. J.J. took a couple of them for balls, fouled a few off, and finally hit a ball right between the third baseman and shortstop for a single. Reynolds scored easily and Willie Randolph waved in Andino as well. It would have been a close play at the plate, but the left fielder Jennings dropped the ball.  Price retired Markakis to end the inning, but the Orioles had taken the lead. It seemed impossible with the ay Price had been pitching. Not that the Orioles put a major whooping on Price, but he had looked so untouchable until then that it was shocking. Price's final pitching line was 7 IP, 4 H, 3 ER, 3 BB, 11 K.  Jim Johnson came on to pitch the seventh and eighth innings, and what can you even say about JJ at this point? He was perfect for two innings, holding the lead just as we've all come to expect. It's a shame that after that we had to see Kevin Gregg.  Seriously, Kevin Gregg? You can go away now. You are terrible. Why do you take a feel-good game and ruin it? I have news for you, Kevin Gregg. If it wasn't for a great play by Hardy and Reynolds to end the game, you would have blown another save. You are the worst!! I can't even write about what Kevin Gregg did, because he makes me so mad. So instead here is the play log from mlb.com:     1.Sam Fuld singles on a ground ball to right fielder Nick Markakis.  2.B. J. Upton flies out to center fielder Adam Jones.  3.Sean Rodriguez grounds out, shortstop J. Hardy to first baseman Mark Reynolds. Sam Fuld to 2nd.  4.Casey Kotchman walks. Offensive Substitution: Pinch runner Elliot Johnson replaces Casey Kotchman. Offensive Substitution: Pinch hitter Matt Joyce replaces Jose Lobaton.  5.Matt Joyce walks. Sam Fuld to 3rd. Elliot Johnson to 2nd.  6.Brandon Guyer grounds out, shortstop J. Hardy to first baseman Mark Reynolds.    That final play, the ground out to Hardy at short, was a gem. Hardy played the ball deep in the hole and made a long throw that Reynolds picked on a bounce to end the game. Here's the video to prove it.  So, in conclusion, Zach Britton overcame his troubles and had a good game, the O's offense scored enough runs to win against one of the toughest lefties in baseball, and Kevin Gregg almost ruined it. But I'm sure he feels fine tonight because there is an (S) next to his name in the box score.   
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Robert Andino (11) and Mark Reynolds (12) react after scoring on a seventh-inning single by teammate J.J. Hardy off Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher David Price during a baseball game on Friday, Sept. 2, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)MoreST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Zach Britton rebounded from a tough first inning and helped the Baltimore Orioles overcome AL All-Star David Price.Britton had his third consecutive solid start, J.J. Hardy drove in two runs and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3-2 on Friday night."The only way you're able to have a shot at that (beating Price) is have a well-pitched game," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Zach has come back strong and that bodes well for him in the future."Britton's current run has come after he being sidelined just under three weeks last month due to a strained left shoulder."The time on the DL, I tried to use it wisely," Britton said. "Talking to (closer) Kevin Gregg about building a game plan. Having a plan every time you go out there. ... What you're going to do. I feel like that's really helped me, especially out on the mound."Britton (9-9) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings. The left-hander was coming off starts against Minnesota and the New York Yankees where he gave up one run in a combined 12 innings.Vladimir Guerrero got Baltimore's second hit off Price (12-12) on a leadoff single in the seventh when the Orioles scored all their runs.Guerrero went to third when Mark Reynolds and Robert Andino drew one-out walks. After Nolan Reimold hit a sacrifice fly and Ryan Adams re-loaded the bases on an infield single, Hardy put Baltimore up 3-2 with a two-run single."He was carving us up all game," Hardy said of Price. "I think it might have been the only ball (a cutter) he threw over the plate all night."Price was touched for three runs and four hits over seven innings. The left-hander, who struck out a team-record 14 in a 12-0 victory over Toronto last Sunday, had 11 strikeouts and three walks."One pitch, that's the game," Rays catcher Jose Lobaton said. "I feel bad for him. He just threw it a little bit to the middle (of the plate)."Evan Longoria gave the Rays a 2-0 lead on a two-run double in the first. He has 60 RBIs over his last 64 games.After Jim Johnson threw two perfect innings, Gregg gave up one hit and two walks in the ninth en route to his 20th save.Pinch-hitter Sam Fuld opened the Rays' ninth with a single and went to second on Sean Rodriguez's one-out grounder. After Casey Kotchman and pinch-hitter Matt Joyce both walked to load the bases, Brandon Guyer hit a game-ending grounder that Hardy made a nice play on at short."There's a method to what he's trying to do out there," Showalter said of Gregg. "I understand that. It's not always real comfortable all the time."The Orioles had two on with no outs during the second, but failed to score when Reynolds and Andino both struck out, and Reimold flied out.After Guerrero drew just his 14th walk of the season leading off the second, Matt Wieters followed with an opposite-field single to right for the Orioles' first hit. Price then retired his next 14 batters before Nick Markakis reached first on a two-out throwing error by third baseman Longoria in the sixth.Notes: Fuld pinch-hit for 2B Ben Zobrist, who left because of neck stiffness. ... Baltimore RHP Tommy Hunter (flulike symptoms) remained at the team hotel. ... Tampa Bay LF Desmond Jennings had been hitless in his previous 12 at-bats before an infield single in the first. ... Orioles INF Chris Davis (strained right shoulder) is set to play in a minor league game Sunday and could rejoin the team next week. ... Baltimore LHP Jo-Jo Reyes left the team for the birth of his child. ... Orioles LHP Brian Matusz, skipped this time through the rotation, had a bullpen session and might pitch in next week's series against the Yankees. ... Tampa Bay RHP Wade Davis (8-8), 0-2 with a 6.17 ERA in two home starts against Baltimore this season, will face Orioles RHP Alfredo Simon (4-7) on Saturday night. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Hardy, Orioles rally late to beat Rays, 3-2Shortstop's two-run single caps three-run seventh inningBritton sharp after rocky firstSeptember 03, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — None of it would have mattered -- not the six strong innings from resurgent rookie Zach Britton, not J.J. Hardy's latest clutch hit, not the Orioles' stirring comeback against a seemingly in-control David Price -- had first baseman Mark Reynolds not made the right decision on the game's final play Friday. Reynolds realized early that Hardy's throw from short was going to bounce before it reached first base. He also knew that if the ball got by him, the Tampa Bay Rays, who had the bases loaded and two outs when Brandon Guyer hit the ground ball in the hole, were going to score two runs and deal the Orioles the latest in a season full of gut-wrenching losses. "I said in my head, 'We are either winning or we're losing,'" said Reynolds, who had the option of coming off the bag and making sure the ball stayed in front of him rather than taking an aggressive swipe at it. var adSkipCounter = 0;  "I'm going to pick it. If I don't, we lose. I just had the glove in the right spot. I guess I'm just getting pretty lucky over there." Reynolds' scoop of Hardy's throw bailed out Kevin Gregg after another shaky outing and ended the Orioles' 3-2 victory over the Rays before an announced 11,955 at Tropicana Field. It was the Orioles' fifth straight road win, and, at least for one day, it staved off the pending reality of clinching a 14th consecutive losing season. "The way he's played for how many weeks that he's been over there, he's been a Gold Glove first baseman," Hardy said. "I looked at that on film with him afterwards, and that was not an easy pick at all. I think it clipped like the dirt or grass so it was right in between, probably the hardest pick that there is. He made it look easy." Gregg certainly did not. Does he ever? In picking up his 20th save, the much-maligned closer allowed a leadoff single to Sam Fuld, then back-to-back two-out walks to bring Guyer to the plate. However, the way Gregg tells it, he got the matchup he wanted with Guyer. He also got his desired result, barely. "The bottom line is you obviously haven't acquired my taste in pitching yet," said Gregg, who has walked 36 batters in 52 innings. "It's what I do. It's what I've always done. And yeah, it'd be nice if I was like [Jim Johnson] and went 1-2-3, every inning I'm out there. But I'm not J.J. I don't throw 97 [mph] with sink." The frenetic bottom of the ninth blurred what easily was one of the Orioles' most improbable victories of the season. Britton (9-9) allowed two runs before even getting his first out and didn't appear to be long for the game. His counterpart, the uber-talented Price, dominated the Orioles (55-81) over six scoreless innings, allowing just one hit and striking out 10. "It looked like Price was going to pitch forever and not allow much," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "The only way that you're able to have a shot at that is to get a well-pitched game. It's what we've been talking about. Zach has had his nose bloodied a little bit, and he's come back. He's fine. That bodes well for him in the future." Even with Britton steadying himself and allowing just the two runs over six innings, the Rays' 2-0 lead never appeared remotely in jeopardy until the seventh inning. Vladimir Guerrero, the lone Oriole Price did not strikeout, led off with a single. After Price fanned Matt Wieters -- his 11th strikeout of the night and his 25th over his past 14 innings -- he issued back-to-back walks to Reynolds and Robert Andino. Nolan Reimold cut the Rays' lead in half with a sacrifice fly, then rookie second baseman Ryan Adams kept the inning alive with a single that ate up Rays first baseman Casey Kotchman and loaded the bases. Price (12-12) had his way with Hardy over their first three matchups, including striking him out on three pitches to start the game. But this time, after the Orioles shortstop fought off a couple of two-strike pitches, Hardy found the hole and bounced one into left field to score two runs and give the visitors the lead. "He was carving us all up the whole game," Hardy said of Price. "His cutter was moving a lot more than it was before whenever I've faced him. It still had the velocity. He was really tough. I think just that one pitch was a cutter that probably caught more of the plate than any of his other pitches all night, and I was able to find a hole." Johnson protected the one-run lead by retiring all six batters he faced. But the Orioles still needed one more big play from Hardy and the right split-second decision by Reynolds at first base to hold on. They are 7-6 against the Rays (74-63) this season -- 11-29 against the rest of the American League East -- and 6-1 at Tropicana Field. "[Hardy's] unbelievable," said Britton, who has allowed just three runs in 18 innings since coming off the disabled list. He jammed his thumb fielding Sean Rodriguez's comebacker to end the sixth but said he doesn't feel like it will affect him going forward. "I did not know a lot about J.J. coming in, but he's one of those guys when he's in the box, I feel like something big is going to happen every time. And you like to feel that about everybody on your team, but especially J.J. when he's in the box, especially in that situation he's in. I was like, 'He's going to do it right here.' He is probably my favorite guy to watch on the team." jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com twitter.com/jeffzrebiecsun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Struggling Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz likely to face Yankees on MondayOrioles lefty Brian Matusz has a 9.56 ERA in last three games but will continue working through problemsSeptember 03, 2011|By Jeff Zrebiec, The Baltimore SunST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — — Brian Matusz won't have to wait long to return to the Orioles' rotation. Orioles manager Buck Showalter said Saturday that the struggling left-hander will oppose the New York Yankees in Monday's series opener in New York. Matusz was originally scheduled to face the Tampa Bay Rays today before he was pushed back to get another bullpen session in before his next start. "I think there are some things that him and [pitching coach Rick Adair] continue to work on," Showalter said. "[He's] made some progress. Also, it keeps some other people in line. I hope Brian has a good start and finishes up real strong, but this all serves some other factors involved. We want to keep some guys that are pitching better in line and also give him the benefit of having a solid work day." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Matusz is 1-7 with a 9.07 ERA. He has given up six runs or more in his past five starts, and he's lost his last seven outings. In three starts since coming back from a month and a half demotion to Triple-A Norfolk, Matusz is 0-3 with a 9.56 ERA, allowing 23 hits, five home runs and six walks in 16 innings. "I never want to miss a start, of course, but it's not frustrating," Matusz said. "I need to work on getting my pitches down to both sides of the plate. It's pointless to be frustrated over it. I'll just work on my stuff and get comfortable out there." With Matusz in line for Monday, Showalter said that Tommy Hunter, who was hospitalized after his previous start because of stomach sickness, would start Tuesday in New York. Hunter threw a bullpen session today and said that he feels much better. "I've never had that before, but it sucked," said Hunter, who was throwing up between innings while pitching last Thursday's series and home stand finale against the Toronto Blue Jays. "I just got sick. I don't know how else to explain it." Zach Britton, who beat the Tampa Bay Rays here Friday, will likely face the Yankees Wednesday. Showalter still hasn't determined where Jo-Jo Reyes will slot back in the rotation. Reyes is away from the team to be with his wife who gave birth to a boy, Hudson, on Friday. Strop eager for opportunity Pedro Strop's first day in a new clubhouse Friday was hardly a nerve-wracking experience for the 26-year-old pitcher who the Orioles acquired this week from the Texas Rangers as the player to be named later in the Michael Gonzalez deal. In fact, it was more like a reunion with friends. Seated near him in the clubhouse were Zach Phillips and Willie Eyre, two of his former teammates coming up in the Texas Rangers organization. Across the clubhouse was Vladimir Guerrero, who Strop also played with in Texas, though their relationship goes beyond that. Strop grew up in the same Dominican Republic area where Guerrero is from. Strop also got to know two members of the Orioles coaching staff — pitching coach Rick Adair and first base coach Wayne Kirby — from their days in the Rangers organization. "I knew they were going to make it real comfortable for me," Strop said. Strop, a hard-throwing reliever who has struggled through control issues, has made 33 appearances with the Rangers over the past three seasons, posting a 7.24 ERA. But he's never been able to establish himself as a regular big leaguer, and he hopes that changes with the Orioles. "I feel pretty good because I know I'm getting a good opportunity to pitch," Strop said. "It's a good opportunity for my career. It's a great organization and I feel good about it." Elite company for Hardy? Among American League shortstops, J.J. Hardy entered today seventh in batting average (.270), first in home runs (26), third in RBIs (67) and first in slugging percentage (.505). Defensively, he leads qualifying shortstops in fielding percentage (.990) and has the fewest errors (five). He has, at the very least, put himself in the conversation for a Silver Slugger award and a Gold Glove, but history says that Hardy winning both is extremely unlikely. Robin Yount (1982), Cal Ripken Jr. (1991) Alex Rodriguez (2002-03) and Derek Jeter (2006, 2009) are the only A.L. shortstops to win a Gold Glove and a Silver Slugger award in the same season. Around the horn Chris Davis (right shoulder strain) will play rehab games Sunday and Monday for Double-A Bowie. Davis will play first base one day and third base the next … Infielder Robert Andino scored his 49th run Friday, eclipsing his career total in 173 games entering this season … The Orioles Player Development Department named Single-A Frederick infielder Jonathan Schoop Player of the Month for August, and Keys left-hander Jacob Pettit Pitcher of the Month. Pettit went 2-0 with a 2.57 ERA in five starts for the Keys during that period, while Schoop batted .336 with eight doubles, a triple, four homers and 21 RBI in 28 August games … Single-A Delmarva strength and conditioning coach Pat Armstrong has been named the South Atlantic League Strength Coach of the Year. jeff.zrebiec@baltsun.com Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Rangers Subdue Red Sox With a Familiar Barrage  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSSEPT. 4, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        This time, Josh Hamilton and the Texas Rangers put up the big numbers in a strange season series of blowout games against the Boston Red Sox.Hamilton capped Texas’ seven-run sixth inning with a bases-loaded triple, carrying the Rangers to an 11-4 victory in Boston on Sunday.Ian Kinsler homered, drove in three runs and made a stellar defensive play for the Rangers, who remain in first place in the American League West after winning two of three in a weekend series that continued a trend of lopsided scores between the teams.“You’ve got two teams that are potent offensively,” Rangers Manager Ron Washington said, adding, “You go against teams like the Rangers, Red Sox and Yankees, and you better bring your pitching — or it can happen like it did today.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Rangers took the season series, 6-4, outscoring the Red Sox by 51-15 in games they won. The Red Sox held a 42-14 edge in their victories.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Boston fell one and a half games behind the first-place Yankees in the A.L. East.TIGERS 18, WHITE SOX 2 Miguel Cabrera homered and drove in four runs for host Detroit, which finished a three-game sweep of Chicago. The Tigers lead the A.L. Central by six and a half games, with a three-game series starting Monday at second-place Cleveland. The White Sox dropped eight and a half games back.Max Scherzer (14-8) allowed five hits over seven scoreless innings.INDIANS 9, ROYALS 6 Cleveland (70-67) surpassed its win total of last season with a victory at Kansas City as Shelley Duncan drove in a career-high five runs with his fifth and sixth home runs.“Both balls were just left over the plate,” said Duncan, who had 4 homers and 24 runs batted in coming into the game.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ANGELS 4, TWINS 1 Joel Pineiro (6-6) allowed one run in seven innings for his first victory in almost two months as host Los Angeles remained three and a half games behind Texas. Pineiro had gone 0-3 with a 10.30 earned run average in six starts since beating Seattle, 9-3, on July 9. Photo       The San Francisco Giants, with closer Brian Wilson, lost at home to the Arizona Diamondbacks and fell seven games back.  Credit             Ezra Shaw/Getty Images           DIAMONDBACKS 4, GIANTS 1 After a solo home run by Ryan Roberts, Willie Bloomquist’s two-run triple broke a 1-1 tie in the eighth, sending Arizona to victory in the rubber game of a crucial three-game series at San Francisco. The Diamondbacks, in first place in the National League West, extended their lead over the Giants to a season-high seven games with 22 games remaining.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Giants, the defending World Series champions, had cut the lead to five games with a victory on Friday.“We’ve left ourselves no room for error,” Mark DeRosa said.BREWERS 4, ASTROS 0 Shaun Marcum (12-5) allowed his only hit with one out in the sixth inning as Milwaukee finished a three-game sweep at Houston. Marcum struck out eight batters in seven innings and has allowed just four earned runs in his last five starts. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    REDS 3, CARDINALS 2 Juan Francisco capped a career-best four-hit day with a two-out single in the 10th inning to break a 2-2 tie at St. Louis, sending Cincinnati to a 2-1 series victory against a team desperately trying to stay in contention.The Cardinals fell nine and a half games behind first-place Milwaukee in the National League Central heading into a three-game series with the Brewers starting Monday night.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  MARLINS 5, PHILLIES 4 Mike Cameron drove in the winning run with a two-out, bases-loaded walk in the 14th for host Florida.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Phillies played the game under protest after a video review in the sixth inning changed Hunter Pence’s double to an out on fan interference. With the score 2-2, a spectator wearing a Phillies jersey leaned over the outfield railing and tried to catch the ball with his Phillies cap, which brushed against the glove of Marlins right fielder Bryan Petersen, and the ball fell to the warning track. The Phillies wanted the play ruled a home run.BRAVES 4, DODGERS 3 Martin Prado’s single inside the left-field line drove in a game-ending run in the ninth for host Atlanta, which ended Los Angeles’s six-game winning streak and avoided being swept in a series for the first time this season.Atlanta had one runner in scoring position through the first six innings against Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  IN OTHER GAMES Jeremy Hellickson (12-10) needed just 97 pitches to throw a complete game in the host Tampa Bay Rays’ 8-1 rout of the Baltimore Orioles. ... Hideki Matsui hit three doubles as the Athletics beat the Seattle Mariners, 8-3, completing a three-game sweep at Oakland. ... Jeremy Hermida and Will Venable each drove in three runs in the host San Diego Padres’ 7-2 victory against the Colorado Rockies, which ended a nine-game losing streak. ... Randy Wells (7-4) held the Pittsburgh Pirates to one run in six innings as the Cubs won, 6-3, in Chicago to avoid a three-game sweep.  A version of this article appears in print on September 5, 2011, on Page D3 of the New York edition with the headline: Rangers Subdue Red Sox With a Familiar Barrage.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          METS, 6, NATIONALS 3   Josh Satin, Mets Prospect Who Defied Labels, Finds One: Major Leaguer SEPT. 4, 2011             YANKEES 9, BLUE JAYS 3   Jeter and Sabathia Lead Yankees Over Toronto SEPT. 4, 2011                       
3 ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles took a quick lead and promptly gave it back. The end result was another loss in a dismal season.B.J. Upton had five RBIs, Wade Davis pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Orioles 6-3 on Saturday night.Nick Markakis hit a two-run homer in the first for the Orioles (55-82), who are now saddled with their 14th straight losing record. Baltimore came up short in its bid to win six straight road games for the first time since Aug. 29-Sept 4, 2004."I don't get involved in that mentality," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said about possibly having a here-we-go-again feeling about blowing the early lead. "It's something that doesn't happen every night, but it's happened too much. It's something that we will get better at."Upton hit a two-out, three-run double off Alfredo Simon (4-8) to make it 6-2 in the fifth. The Rays tied it at 2 during the first when Upton drove in two runs on a double."The command of the fastball has got to be there to pitch at this level," Showalter said. "Tonight wasn't one of those nights."Upton had just 16 RBIs in his previous 63 home games this season."I walked a couple guys and then when the bases were loaded, I tried to throw a strike, but I left the fastball up and he just hit the ball," Simon said. "I left my pitches up today and there is no excuse for that."Simon gave up six runs and seven hits over five-plus innings.Both of Upton's run-scoring hits came after Matt Joyce drew two-out walks."If you're a competitor, you do (take it personally)," Upton said. "Nobody likes the guy in front of him walked to get to yourself, so you want to rise to the occasion. It just happened to work out."Joyce had a third-inning RBI double to give Tampa Bay a 3-2 lead.Davis (9-8) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 2-3 innings. The right-hander struck out five and walked four. Kyle Farnsworth, the third Tampa Bay reliever, pitched the ninth for his 23rd save.Markakis entered with four hits in his previous 38 at-bats, and wound up 1 for 2 with two walks on Saturday.Baltimore got within 6-3 when Matt Wieters had a run-scoring single in the sixth. Davis avoided further damage by getting an inning-ending double play from Robert Andino with the bases loaded."We had some chances to really climb back in that thing," Showalter said. "We were ahead 2-0, and then we went right out and gave it right back."Wieters has driven in 15 runs over his last 13 games.NOTES: Baltimore has one hit in its last 11 at-bats with the bases loaded. ... Orioles RHP Tommy Hunter (flulike symptoms) remains on target to pitch Tuesday against the New York Yankees. ... Baltimore LHP Brian Matusz is scheduled to make his next start Monday in New York after being skipped one time through the rotation. ... Orioles INF Chris Davis (strained right shoulder) is set to play Sunday and Monday at Double-A Bowie. ... Baltimore RHP Jeremy Guthrie (6-16), who is 5-9 with a 4.09 ERA in 17 starts against Tampa Bay, will face Rays RHP Jeremy Hellickson (11-10) in Sunday's series finale. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays pitcher Jeremy Hellickson delivers to the Baltimore Orioles during the first inning of a baseball game on Sunday, Sept. 4, 2011, in St. Petersburg, Fla. (AP Photo/Brian Blanco)MoreST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) — Jeremy Guthrie struggled with his command, and that was all Jeremy Hellickson needed to record another victory over the Baltimore Orioles.Guthrie pitched five shaky innings in his major league-leading 17th loss and Hellickson threw a four-hitter in the Tampa Bay Rays' 8-1 victory Sunday.Hellickson (12-10) has two complete games this season, both against the Orioles. The rookie right-hander also tossed a four-hitter in a 3-0 win against Baltimore on May 13 during which Guthrie also went the distance.Guthrie (6-17) gave up seven runs — three earned — and seven hits Sunday. The right-hander struck out five and walked four."I didn't have a good feel for the strike zone," Guthrie said. "I wasn't aggressive in the strike zone."Tampa Bay scored four times with two out in the third to take a 6-0 lead. Evan Longoria came home when third baseman Mark Reynolds misplayed Brandon Guyer's grounder, and Reid Brignac followed with a three-run double.Guthrie walked three during the third and after the inning ended appeared ready to throw a Gatorade bucket all around dugout."Just a lot of frustration," Guthrie said. "I grabbed it and wanted to do a lot more things with it, but kind of dragged it and set it down. Figured I didn't deserve a drink of Gatorade that inning."Guthrie became the first pitcher since Kip Wells (2005 and 2007) to lose at least 17 games twice during his career. The right-hander went 10-17 in 2009.Adam Jones homered for the Orioles, who have lost six of eight.Hellickson improved to 4-1 in five starts — six appearances overall — against Baltimore, including wins in all three outings at home where he has surrendered two earned runs in 25 combined innings."You know exactly what he's going to do and try to do," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He's got a great presentation on his change up and breaking ball. Throws everything out of the same slot. He's grasped pitching instead of throwing at a young age. He's got a lot of ability."Sean Rodriguez hit a two-run homer in the second for Tampa Bay. Rodriguez's two-out drive to left on a 1-2 pitch was his seventh homer of the season.The Rays scored all of their runs in Saturday's 6-3 win over Baltimore in two-out situations.Matt Joyce drove in two runs for Tampa Bay, including a two-out solo homer in the sixth.Jones led off the fifth with his 23rd homer. He had just three hits in his previous 37 at-bats.Jones also doubled in the seventh, and Robert Andino and J.J. Hardy had the other hits for Baltimore. Andino's third-inning infield hit was originally ruled an error on shortstop Brignac.Tampa Bay designated hitter Johnny Damon tied Doc Cramer for 62nd place on the career hits list at 2,705 with a fourth-inning single.NOTES: Jones tied his career high with 25 doubles this season. ... Reynolds made two errors and has 26 on the year. ... Tampa Bay CF B.J. Upton rested one day after getting five RBIs. "That was planned before (Saturday's game)," manager Joe Maddon said. ... Orioles RF Nick Markakis made his second career start at first base and had a couple nice fielding plays. ... Rays INF Ben Zobrist (neck stiffness) could return to the starting lineup Monday. ... Baltimore RHP Jason Berken (strained right forearm) may pitch in a simulated game Thursday. ... Baltimore LHP Brian Matusz (1-7) and New York RHP Freddy Garcia (11-7) are Monday's scheduled starters at Yankee Stadium. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 11, Orioles 10                                                             Yankees’ Top Prospect Fits In Quickly  By MARK VIERASEPT. 5, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       The rookie Jesus Montero gave the Yankees the lead with his first home run, then provided insurance with a two-run shot.  Credit             Jim Mcisaac/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  The Yankees unleashed another onslaught on Monday afternoon as the stars of their relentless offense pounded the overmatched Baltimore Orioles. There was Mark Teixeira hitting another home run. There was Robinson Cano blasting his third grand slam of the season. There was Curtis Granderson smacking a two-run double. There were all three adding to their triple-digit runs-batted-in statistics.But the heart of the Yankees’ lineup, intimidating as it is, was suddenly pushed aside in the middle of the game when the team’s top prospect, the imposing-looking Jesus Montero, emphatically announced his arrival in the major leagues with a loud swing of the bat, a trot around the bases and a curtain call from the roaring crowd.And then, having swatted his first major league home run, the 21-year-old rookie Montero did it all over again two innings later, hitting another opposite-field blast into the right-field stands that landed almost exactly where the first drive did and led to an encore wave to the crowd from the dugout steps.The display of power by the 6-foot-3, 235-pound Montero gave the Yankees the three extra runs they needed to hold off the Orioles, 11-10, and widen their division lead over the suddenly struggling Boston Red Sox to two and a half games. It also prompted everyone associated with the Yankees — players, coaches, the manager and fans already ruminating about a 28th championship — to think about what Montero might mean for the Yankees this October and in years to come. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Complicating all the projections about Montero, of course, is that he does not have a clear-cut position to play, with many in baseball somewhat skeptical of his abilities as a catcher. For the moment, he is a designated hitter, and on Monday that was certainly good enough to get everyone’s attention.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I’m really happy right now,” Montero said after the game. “It was an amazing day today.”Montero’s home runs ended up overshadowing Freddy Garcia’s poor start, Mariano Rivera’s shaky ninth inning, the contributions by the other Yankee hitters and the return of Scott Proctor, who pitched two innings of relief in his first appearance as a Yankee since 2007.The Yankees had eight runs by the end of the second inning, but the Orioles had seven after the top of the third, all of them charged to Garcia. When Montero came to the plate in the bottom of the fifth, the Orioles had tied the score, 8-8. Having been called up on Sept. 1, Montero had fewer than a dozen major league at-bats under his belt at that point, but he proceeded to propel an 0-1 fastball from Baltimore’s Jim Johnson. Two innings later, he victimized Johnson again. Photo       Robinson Cano watching his grand slam in the Yankees' six-run second inning. It was Cano's third grand slam of the season.  Credit             Bill Kostroun/Associated Press           Montero caught in 88 games at Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre this season — over all, he hit .288 with 18 home runs — but whether he can be a defensively competent catcher in the majors is still open to question. He was not overly impressive in spring training, when he seemed to have a shot at being the Yankees’ backup catcher behind Russell Martin.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But Montero cannot be switched to first base, where Teixeira will reside for years to come, and the designated hitter spot — not a traditional place for a very young player anyway — is probably the future home of Alex Rodriguez, who is signed through 2017 and has been increasingly hampered by injuries. That leaves catcher, if Montero can actually master the position. Or even a trade, if he can help bring a top-flight pitcher in return.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I don’t know what they’re going to do with me, but I’m trying to be a catcher,” Montero said. “Whatever the decision they’re going to make, I’m fine with that.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Manager Joe Girardi reiterated after Monday’s game that he was reluctant to put Montero behind the plate at this point of the season because of his lack of familiarity with the Yankees’ pitchers. Still, Girardi, a longtime catcher himself, said the Yankees continued to project Montero as a player whose future is behind the plate.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “But right now with where we are, with what we’re fighting for, it’s tough to put him back there,” Girardi said. “He’s kind of preparing like he would be if he was playing a game. At some point, I’d like to put him back there, but we’ll have to see where we’re at.”The Yankees managed to retrieve each of Montero’s home run balls, with the fans who caught them getting baseballs autographed by Montero in exchange. Not exactly the largesse that another fan, Christian Lopez, received from the Yankees when he ended up grabbing Derek Jeter’s 3,000th hit — a homer to left — and then returning the baseball to the Yankee captain.But Jeter is Jeter and Montero has plenty of time to carve out his own career, impressive as the first glimpses already are.“I showed a little bit to the fans and the people,” Montero said. “Now there’s more to come. I hope everything keeps going good. I’m not going to say tomorrow I’m going to hit two home runs again. But I’m going to try to.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  INSIDE PITCHMariano Rivera gave up a run in the ninth inning but earned his 597th career save, moving him closer to Trevor Hoffman, the career leader with 601. ... In his first game as a Yankee in four years, Scott Proctor pitched two innings and gave up a game-tying home run in the fifth. Proctor was a workhouse reliever for Joe Torre’s Yankees in the middle part of the last decade, although it was widely felt that he was overused. He was picked up by the Yankees after being released by the Atlanta Braves last month.  A version of this article appears in print on September 6, 2011, on Page B9 of the New York edition with the headline: Yankees’ Top Prospect Fits In Quickly.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 5, Orioles 3                                                             Never Mind the Hour or the Rain, Yankees Defeat Orioles  By DAVE CALDWELLSEPT. 6, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       A lone fan watched from the bleachers during the second inning as the Yankees played the Orioles.  Credit             Bill Kostroun/Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  Phil Hughes fired a strike through a fine mist past Baltimore Orioles left fielder Matt Angle at 11:08 p.m. Tuesday, and a surreal game was under way. Cheers arose from about a thousand fans still at Yankee Stadium who had endured a 4-hour-3-minute rain delay.The veteran-laden Yankees had avoided a Wednesday doubleheader — or, rather, two full games Wednesday, since Tuesday’s game did not end until 2:15 a.m. Wednesday. They beat the Orioles, 5-3, on back-to-back home runs with two outs in the seventh inning.Even though it was 1:35 a.m., the umpires stopped the game to review Francisco Cervelli’s go-ahead home run. The ball was touched by one of two fans at the left-field fence but counted, anyway. Brett Gardner followed with a line-drive home run on a 3-0 count that hit the right-field foul pole.“Every time you come here, you’ve got to be ready for everything,” Cervelli said, smiling.The victory, capped by Mariano Rivera’s 598th career save, was the Yankees’ sixth in a row and ninth in 10 games. They maintained a two-and-a-half-game lead in the American League East over the Boston Red Sox, who beat Toronto much earlier in the night, 14-0. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Yankees and Orioles are to play a 1:05 p.m. game Wednesday — weather permitting — before hustling to Baltimore for a game at 1:05 p.m. Thursday. That is the makeup of a game that was to be played Aug. 27 in Baltimore but was rained out because of Hurricane Irene.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But they will not have to play a doubleheader Wednesday. Asked if it really was better to play so late at night than to play two games in the same day, Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said, “Both scenarios weren’t great, but now that it’s over, I’m glad it’s done.”After Thursday’s game, the Yankees will head to Anaheim, Calif., for a three-game series against the Angels that opens Friday night.After center fielder Curtis Granderson peered into a steady rain to catch a fifth-inning fly ball by Nick Markakis with the Yankees leading, 1-0, the Yankee Stadium grounds crew, cheered at 10:29 p.m. when it popped out of a tunnel to take off the tarpaulin, scampered onto the infield. It scattered bag after bag of drying agent on the rain-soaked dirt, as if it might make a difference.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Then there was an announcement: those who held tickets to Tuesday’s game, even if they used them Tuesday, would be rewarded with a free ticket offer. They could redeem their tickets to any Yankees game — next season.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  There were four errors in Tuesday’s game, but Girardi said, “As many plays as the infielders made, I was actually shocked.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Yankees took a 1-0 lead on a bases-empty third-inning home run by Jorge Posada, the designated hitter instead of the 21-year-old rookie Jesus Montero, who hit two home runs in Monday’s 11-10 victory over Baltimore. It was the 13th home run of the season for Posada.Posada scored again in the fifth inning, reaching base when Baltimore first baseman Mark Reynolds bobbled his two-out ground ball. Cervelli hit a towering, wind-blown fly that Angle misjudged in left, the ball caroming off his glove. Posada rumbled home from first.But Orioles catcher Matt Wieters tied the score in the sixth inning by clobbering an 0-2 pitch by Hughes into the right-field seats with Vladimir Guerrero at first base. Those were the only runs given up in six innings by Hughes, who allowed five hits.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hughes said the fifth inning was the most challenging, at least as far as the conditions. He said he threw a fastball to Markakis, “hoping that it would end up over the plate.” Photo       The Yankees and Orioles found themselves in a familiar place again as rain pelted Yankee Stadium.  Credit             Bill Kostroun/Associated Press           Later, he added, “When I don’t know where it’s going, that’s usually not a good thing.”The Yankees took the lead again on a sixth-inning single by Mark Teixeira, who drove in Derek Jeter with a hard shot off the right-field fence. But the Orioles tied the score again in the top of the seventh inning on a two-out double by Markakis off Yankees reliever Boone Logan.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  At his pregame news conference, Girardi said that he wanted to play, mostly because rescheduling the game was so unappealing. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    The Yankees have only one day off the rest of the season — and that day, Sept. 15, is not really a day off because the team is due to arrive in Toronto early that morning after playing the night before in Seattle. So a Wednesday doubleheader against the Orioles was the next option.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “The last thing we want is a doubleheader,” Girardi said. “We’ve had our share of those.”Tuesday’s game was the Yankees’ 20th this season that had been affected by weather, and they entered the day leading the majors with eight games that had been postponed. Girardi had decided well before the game to give third baseman Alex Rodriguez the night off.There had been lingering resentment between the teams because the Orioles two weeks ago rejected a proposal by the Yankees to move up a scheduled doubleheader in Baltimore to Friday, Aug. 26, from Saturday, Aug. 27, because of Hurricane Irene. The Yankees were miffed, but so was Orioles Manager Buck Showalter, who said in published reports that the Yankees were being disrespectful to the organization after the death of former Orioles pitcher Mike Flanagan.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  They ended up playing a doubleheader Aug. 28, then completed the series Aug. 29. Had they played the doubleheader that Friday, another one that Sunday or Monday, and a single game Sunday or Monday, the Yankees would have Thursday off.“It’s hard to believe we’re talking about this again, isn’t it?” Girardi said.Brackman Is Up  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  A group of young men lugging blue duffel bags entered the Yankees’ clubhouse and hunted for their new lockers. One stood out: Andrew Brackman, the 6-foot-10 right-hander who was the Yankees’ first-round draft pick in 2007.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Brackman, 25, was recalled from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, where he had an adventurous season. He started the season as a relief pitcher, was moved into the rotation, then rejoined the bullpen.Brackman said he became so discouraged that at one point he thought about quitting. He had pitched poorly against Durham in a June game that was played not that far from North Carolina State, where he played basketball and baseball.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  He said he was so upset that he did not take a shower and thought hard about not climbing on the team bus. He called his father, who told him to get on the bus, primarily because the Brackmans did not exactly have a backup plan.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I couldn’t even hit a guy in the chest playing catch — that’s how bad it was,” Brackman said.That was not the only low point. He walked nine batters and gave up three runs in three and a third innings in what would be his final start of the season, an 8-5 loss July 29 at Buffalo.He was sent to the bullpen, and he tinkered with his mechanics. He salvaged his season. He gave up only three earned runs in nine relief appearances covering 201/3 innings. He also won a game, bringing his season record to 3-6. Besides holding his hands higher when he was in the set position, he said he began to relax. “No matter where I was,” he said, “I just wasn’t comfortable with my mechanics — how the ball came out of my hand.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Later, he smiled when he said: “I’m big. I’ve got to keep all my mechanics simple.”   Correction: September 7, 2011   An earlier version of this article misstated the number of Mariano Rivera’s career saves as 597.     A version of this article appears in print on September 7, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Never Mind the Late Hour or the Rain, Yankees Defeat Orioles.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Orioles notes: Chris Davis eager to try hand at third baseInfielder pleased with quick recovery from shoulder injuryfour others join teamSeptember 06, 2011|By Peter Schmuck, The Baltimore SunNEW YORK — The Orioles' Chris Davis, who just returned from a brief injury rehabilitation assignment with Double-A Bowie, was penciled in at third base on Tuesday's lineup card and says he's looking forward to playing a lot there over the final three weeks of the season. "I played a lot of third in Texas," he said, "so it's no big deal. I played third [Monday in Bowie]. I feel pretty comfortable there. I think Mark [Reynolds] has done a great job at first base. I think they feel really comfortable with him there, so I'll be playing more third." Davis' return to the hot corner, however, was delayed by the steady rain that fell on Yankee Stadium from morning till night Tuesday. The start of the game was delayed by more than four hours, and a light rain was still falling when the Yankees took the field at 11:08 p.m. The outcome of the game — or the fate of it — had not been determined by press time. var adSkipCounter = 0;  Davis wasn't complaining. He said he has been pleasantly surprised at how well his sore shoulder has responded during his stay on the disabled list. "I was kind of surprised it felt as good as it did as early as it did," he said. "I went down to Florida for about a week, and after a few days of doing some exercises, it started to feel a little better. … With the season winding down, it's good to know that I can come back and play a few games before the offseason starts to hopefully try to get in a little groove." Pitchers Jeremy Accardo and Clap Rapada and infielders Josh Bell and Pedro Florimon Jr. also joined the Orioles and were in the clubhouse waiting to see whether the rain would relent. The non-DL roster moves did not become official until the game finally started. To make room on the 40-man roster for Accardo and Rapada, the Orioles designated veteran left-hander Mark Hendrickson and infielder Blake Davis for assignment. Iron anniversary Tuesday was the 16th anniversary of Cal Ripken Jr.'s historic 2,131st consecutive game, a record that just about everyone agrees will never be broken. "No. Never happen," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "I'm not real sure how it happened to start with. It's amazing. I love to listen to Richie [Bancells] — our trainer — tell stories about it. I look at the way I consider Nicky [Markakis] and Adam Jones and some of the people, and I can't imagine doing that for that length of time. It's amazing. It's as impressive a stat as any in sports for me. I don't think you'll ever see that approached." On the subject of Sept. 6 anniversaries, Tuesday was also the 14th anniversary of Eddie Murray's 500th homer. Schilling sighting Boston Red Sox postseason hero and former Oriole Curt Schilling stopped by the Orioles' clubhouse for a visit late Tuesday afternoon. Schilling was dealt to the Orioles on July 30, 1988, along with Brady Anderson in the trade that sent Mike Boddicker to the Red Sox. Anderson was also in the Orioles' clubhouse Tuesday when Schilling visited. peter.schmuck@baltsun.com Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees' Robinson Cano watches his grand-slam as Baltimore Orioles catcher Matt Wieters, left, looks on during the second inning of a baseball game Monday, Sept. 5, 2011, at Yankee Stadium in New York. (AP Photo/Bill Kostroun)MoreThe final month of the baseball season is upon us, and intrigue is unusually absent with the postseason looming.The contenders have been identified, and the pretenders are looking forward to the offseason.Four of the six division leaders have cushions of at least six games, and the wild-card races are all but over as well. The Phillies, Brewers and Diamondbacks are rolling to division titles in the National League, with the Atlanta Braves enjoying a comfortable lead over St. Louis and San Francisco for the NL wild card.Things are a little tighter in the American League, which features the only two races worth watching. Justin Verlander and the Tigers are up 7½ games on the Cleveland Indians in the AL Central, but it does get interesting on both coasts.The New York Yankees lead the Boston Red Sox by 2½ games in the East. And even though the loser of the race will get into the playoffs, there is still that division title and valuable playoff positioning at stake.Out West, the defending AL champion Texas Rangers have seemed like the class of the division for most of the season, but the Los Angeles Angels and their stellar rotation just keep hanging around. The Angels were 3½ games back with 22 games to play, plenty of time to make their move.The champion Giants already have started cutting some of their veterans loose, so if the Rangers falter in the AL, that would mean that neither team from last year's World Series would make the playoffs for just the third time since 1991, according to STATS, LLC.The Cardinals and Tigers failed to make it in 2007 after facing off in the '06 World Series and the White Sox and Astros both missed out in 2006 after playing in '05.With so much of the drama missing from the push for the playoffs, much of the attention will turn to the MVP races, which are as wide open as ever.Will Verlander become the first pitcher since 1992 to win in the AL? Will Matt Kemp be able to overcome the Dodgers' lousy season to win it in the National League?Here's a quick look at what to watch for as the 2011 regular season winds to a close:___BEST RACES: All the action is in the American League this September.—AL East: Ever since picking up hit No. 3,000, Derek Jeter has put all those questions about being washed up behind him and Curtis Granderson continues his pursuit of the MVP award as the Yankees lead the Red Sox.—AL West: The Rangers led the division by as many as seven games in the middle of August, but Jered Weaver, Dan Haren and Ervin Santana have pitched the Angels right back into the mix. They trailed the Rangers by 3½ games when Monday began.___MVP WATCH: September performances likely will be the decider in two very interesting races.—American League: Verlander (21-5, 2.34 ERA, 224 Ks, four CGs) has been the most dominant pitcher in the league this season, carrying the Tigers to the top of the AL Central. With no position player running away with the award this season, there appears to be a groundswell of support for making the right-hander the first MVP pitcher since Oakland closer Dennis Eckersley in 1992. Blue Jays outfielder Jose Bautista (.306, 40 HRs, 92 RBIs, 110 BBs, .632 slg, .444 OBP) is having a remarkable season, but may be hindered by Toronto's lack of success. Granderson (.271, 38 HRs, 109 RBIs) is having a breakout season for the league's best team, and Dustin Pedroia, Jacoby Ellsbury and Adrian Gonzalez could split the vote in Boston.—National League: Ryan Braun (.335, 27 HRs, 95 RBIs, 35 2Bs, 31 SBs) and Prince Fielder (.293, 31 HRs, 107 RBIs, 31 2Bs, 91 BBs) have powered the Brewers to the top of the NL Central. Kemp (.320, 32 HRs, 106 RBIs, 37 SBs) is having the best season in the NL, but the Dodgers haven't been a factor in the West for more than two months while Justin Upton (.296, 27 HRs, 82 RBIs, 37 2Bs, 20 SBs) would have to be considered the longest of long shots for the surprising Diamondbacks.___BIG SERIES: Unless some major surges or collapses happen over the next few weeks, these two series will be the ones to look forward to in the AL East and AL West:—Yankees at Red Sox, Sept. 23-25: The Yankees and Red Sox meet for three games in the Bronx, the second-to-last series of the regular season for both teams. A sweep by either team could lock up the division title.—Rangers at Angels, Sept. 26-28: If the Angels stay within three games of Texas, the final series of the year will give them a chance at home to surge to the top.___SPOILER ALERT!: As the season comes to a close, plenty of teams have been out of it for months. But a few have a chance to play a major role in how the playoff picture shakes out:—Tampa Bay Rays: Playing in the powerful AL East has been too much for them this year, but they still have the talent to go toe-to-toe with the elite down the stretch. The Rays face the Red Sox seven times in September and play the Yankees six times in the last nine days, including a three-game set at the Trop to finish the season. The Rays beat the Rangers 5-1 on Monday in the opener of a three-game set.—Oakland Athletics: It's been another disappointing year for the A's, who have gone through a managerial change and faded from contention after a decent start to the season. But with a talented young pitching staff, the A's could be dangerous down the stretch. They won four in a row heading into Monday night's game against the Royals, and continuing that winning streak could buoy their confidence for six games against the Rangers and six against the Angels in the final three weeks.___Follow Jon Krawczynski on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/APkrawczynski 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 5, Yankees 4 (11 innings)                                                             After a Late Win, a Long and Sloppy Loss  By DAVE CALDWELLSEPT. 7, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Kyle Hudson reaching base on an infield single against A. J. Burnett in the fourth. Burnett gave up four runs in six innings.  Credit             Uli Seit for The New York Times            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  The low line drive zipped into the glove of Baltimore shortstop Robert Andino. Keeping in the spirit of 10 errors in 20 often torturous innings over 18 waterlogged hours, Andino dropped the ball. Curtis Granderson sprinted hard to second base, then dived.Had Granderson arrived before Andino’s throw, the Yankees would have tied the score in the 11th inning Wednesday afternoon, and the game would have unthinkably dragged on. Andino fumbled for the ball, but recovered, got the force play at second just barely and thus mercifully ended the Orioles’ mud-splotched 5-4 victory, which was witnessed by only the hardiest of Yankee fans.These two teams, who seem to be followed everywhere by rain clouds, now move on to Baltimore, where they are to play — what else — a makeup game Thursday afternoon left over from Hurricane Irene. They leave behind two games played in less than one day that were certainly memorable, but mostly for the wrong reasons.“It was disgusting, it was sloppy as it gets,” the Yankees’ Alex Rodriguez said of Wednesday’s game, which didn’t start that long after Tuesday’s late-night adventure ended.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  And actually, Rodriguez was not quite accurate. The conditions on Wednesday afternoon were nowhere near as bad as they were on Tuesday night, when the Yankees survived the elements to beat the Orioles, 5-3, in a game that started four hours late and concluded at 2:15 a.m. in a virtually empty ballpark that more or less resembled the inside of a dishwasher. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Rodriguez was mercifully held out of Tuesday night’s contest, which was played before perhaps 1,000 people. But he was back in the lineup on Wednesday, along with a lot of the Yankees’ junior varsity, in a game that went on and on, lasting 4 hours 23 minutes. This time, the crowd had swelled to maybe 10,000 fans. Photo       Curtis Granderson walked back to the dugout after Eric Chavez grounded into a fielder's choice to end the game.  Credit             Uli Seit for The New York Times           Back-to-back games in a virtually empty Yankee Stadium is not what anyone is used to, but that’s exactly what occurred.“We have to get these games in, but that’s not baseball weather, man,” the Yankees’ Nick Swisher said after the second game, which ended the Yankees’ six-game winning streak.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Tuesday’s late-night game was surreal. Wednesday afternoon’s game had more of the feel of a spring training scrimmage, with Manager Joe Girardi holding five starters out of his lineup: Granderson, Derek Jeter, Mark Teixeira, Robinson Cano and Brett Gardner.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The last three batters in the Yankees’ order were first baseman Brandon Laird, center fielder Greg Golson and second baseman Ramiro Pena. Eduardo Nunez played shortstop instead of Jeter and led off. Nunez went 0 for 4 and made two errors, but he was hardly the only player to look foolish.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  A. J. Burnett failed to get his foot anywhere near the first-base bag while trying to convert a double-play toss from second and was rewarded with a sarcastic cheer from the fans. Nunez and Rodriguez watched a third-inning infield pop-up plop to the turf between them.“We still had opportunities to win the game, but we just didn’t do it,” Girardi said.Burnett, who allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings, said he regretted only one of his 108 pitches: a 3-1 sinker that Baltimore right fielder Nolan Reimold belted into the seats for a two-run homer that gave the Orioles a 4-2 lead in the third inning. Meanwhile, Burnett’s curveball had so much bite that he threw three wild pitches.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Yankees tied the score an inning later when Jesus Montero hit a drive off the right-field wall for a two-run single, almost matching the two home runs he hit on Monday to the same part of the ballpark. Photo       Manager Joe Girardi kept five regulars out of his starting lineup. It was a tough day for the Yankees, who committed four errors.  Credit             Uli Seit for The New York Times           Although there were the predictable questions about what Burnett’s performance meant for his chances to stay in the rotation, a tired Girardi was not in the mood to entertain them. He and the team will go right from Baltimore to the West Coast and will end up playing 10 games in 11 days, in four cities, by the time the trip ends.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Physically, it’s been a grind, there’s no question about it,” Girardi said.Wednesday’s game had its quirkier moments. Part of the Yankee Stadium grounds crew, as usual, dragged the infield to “Y.M.C.A.” after the sixth inning — but the rest of the crew scurried about to spread more drying agent on the sodden infield, ruining the choreography. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    And with two outs in the top of the 11th, and the Orioles ahead, the fans started a chant for Orioles third baseman Chris Davis, who had somehow struck out his first five times at bat. “We want six!” they yelled.After fouling off two pitches, Davis grounded out to Cano, and the crowd groaned. Fans groaned again when, a little while later, Andino got the last out at second. The Yankee players put on jackets and ties and headed for the road. Ahead lies three weekend games in sunny Anaheim, Calif., and then three games each in Seattle and Toronto, where the ballparks have retractable roofs.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  They had split two damp and disjointed games and protected their lead in the American League East. It could, after all, have been worse. “We’re used to it,” catcher Russell Martin said as he reflected on the two contests. “I don’t think it’s going to wear us out too much.”“I’m glad we got them in,” Girardi said. “Just move forward.”And, he added, laughing, “We might get some decent weather, for a change.”Well, maybe. According to Weather.com, there is a 60 percent chance of rain Thursday in Baltimore.  A version of this article appears in print on September 8, 2011, on Page B12 of the New York edition with the headline: After a Late Win, a Long and Sloppy Loss.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      YANKEES 5, ORIOLES 3   After Four-Hour Rain Delay, Yankees Defeat Orioles at 2:15 A.M. SEPT. 6, 2011         BASEBALL ROUNDUP   Backed by Grand Slam, Tigers’ Verlander Wins His 22nd Game SEPT. 7, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles starting pitcher Zach Britton throws against the New York Yankees in the third inning of a baseball game on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2011, at Yankee Stadium in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Doused for two days in the Bronx, the Yankees and Orioles headed down to Baltimore with a couple of things awaiting them.One, a good night's sleep.Two, a 60 percent chance of rain.Mark Reynolds hit a tiebreaking single in the 11th inning after striking out four times and the Orioles outlasted New York 5-4 on Wednesday in another soggy game between two sleep-deprived teams."It's been a struggle for us all year. Any win down the stretch is kind of icing on the cake for us," Reynolds said. "We're going to try to go out and win every game down the stretch and make it tough on some of these teams trying to get to the playoffs."Less than 11 hours after the Yankees completed a rain-delayed victory, the teams were back at it. The showers returned, too, though the game started on time and was never interrupted other than when the grounds crew needed to apply diamond dust to dry a soaked infield.Nolan Reimold hit a two-run homer off A.J. Burnett and the Orioles took advantage of four Yankees errors, two by fill-in shortstop Eduardo Nunez. Both teams looked sleepy and sluggish in a sloppy game — with good reason, too.With few options for a makeup date, they waited out a rain delay of 4 hours, 3 minutes on Tuesday night to play a game that ended at 2:15 a.m. Yankees players rushed home while the Orioles zipped back to their hotel to get a few precious hours of shuteye before heading back to the ballpark Wednesday morning for the 1:05 p.m. start."We don't have to worry about making up this game, and that's a good thing," New York manager Joe Girardi said. "But physically, it's been a grind. There's no doubt about it."The Yankees tried to extend this one even longer, putting runners at the corners with two outs in the bottom of the 11th.Pinch-hitter Eric Chavez, batting for Nunez, hit a low, sharp liner toward the middle and shortstop Robert Andino went to the ground to knock it down. He shoveled to second to nip Curtis Granderson for the final out, ending the game after 4 hours, 23 minutes."So many good things today," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Robby came out there and played as good a game at shortstop as you'll ever see played in these conditions, too. I can't tell you how tough that is out there."Pedro Strop (1-1) worked 1 1-3 scoreless innings and Jim Johnson got three outs for his third save.The Orioles used eight pitchers, the Yankees six. The teams meet again in Baltimore on Thursday at 1:05 p.m. — weather permitting — for the makeup of an Aug. 27 rainout caused by Hurricane Irene."I think everybody's going to sleep well on the train," Showalter said.Burnett, given a reprieve in New York's six-man rotation after an effective start at Boston last week, allowed four runs in six-plus innings. Alex Rodriguez hit a two-run double and prized prospect Jesus Montero a two-run single off the right-field fence.The AL East leaders, however, had their six-game winning streak snapped. Last-place Baltimore ended a four-game slide.Burnett threw three wild pitches to raise his season total to 23, by far the most in the majors.New York matched a season high for errors, and the last one was especially costly.Nunez, starting in place of Derek Jeter, couldn't handle a hot shot with one out in the 11th, allowing Matt Angle to reach safely. Angle stole second with two outs and Nick Markakis was intentionally walked before Reynolds delivered an RBI single off Hector Noesi (2-1)."We gave them a lot of their runs today. That's the bottom line, and that's why we lost this game," Girardi said. "Even when our regulars aren't in there, our defense has been pretty good. Today it wasn't. I don't know if it was the conditions. I don't know if was fatigue. I don't know what it was, but it really cost us the game."Coming off the late night, both managers rested several regulars, and the makeshift lineups resembled a spring training game or Triple-A matchup. A trio of Yankees hitters wore numbers in the 60s, and neither team looked like a big league bunch as players battled wet, windy weather for the second day in a row.Andino's wind-blown popup in the third dropped behind the mound for a single, eluding Nunez. Burnett missed first base with his foot on a potential double play and a Bronx cheer went up when he and first baseman Brandon Laird finally converted a 3-1 putout after a couple of unsuccessful tries."Disgusting. As sloppy as it gets," Rodriguez said, referring to the Yankees' play. "You expect that with the tough conditions."With the game tied in the late innings, Granderson, Mark Teixeira, Robinson Cano, Vladimir Guerrero and Matt Wieters all came off the bench.To mark the 10-year anniversary of 9-11, the Yankees held a pregame ceremony on the field that included former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. The salute was held four days early at Yankee Stadium because the team will be in the middle of a 10-game, four-city road trip Sunday.Only a few thousand fans were in the stands when this one began — what else? — in the rain. Many had umbrellas or ponchos, others took cover on the concourse.It was the second unusually sparse crowd in a row at Yankee Stadium. Just 500 fans or so were left when Tuesday night's game finally ended.NOTES: Baltimore starter Zach Britton gave up four runs and five hits in five innings. ... Angle's bat slipped out of his hands in the second and helicoptered four rows up behind the Yankees dugout, hitting an empty seat before a fan grabbed it. ... Orioles 3B Chris Davis struck out his first five times up. When he batted again in the 11th, fans chanted "We want six!" Davis grounded out to end the inning. ... Both of Wednesday's starting pitchers left the ballpark early Tuesday night to get some rest. 
3 View photosA lone fan watches the New York Yankees play Baltimore Orioles from the bleachers during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 6, 2011 at Yankee Stadium in New York. (AP Photo/Bill Kostroun)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — The rain came to Yankee Stadium in droves. The fans? Not so much.About 1,000 spectators were in the stands Tuesday night when the game between the Baltimore Orioles and New York Yankees started at 11:08 p.m. after a rain delay of 4 hours, 3 minutes.The crowd had dwindled to maybe 500 or so by the sixth inning when Matt Wieters hit a two-run homer for Baltimore that made it 2-all. Fans were allowed to move down to the expensive seats — there was no announcement about that over the public-address system, instead they were told individually.The Yankees also said that all tickets for this game could be redeemed for a free seat during the 2012 season.Rain kept falling throughout the evening, even after play started. Puddles formed in the infield and the grounds crew worked on the field most every inning, dumping bag after bag of diamond dust in hopes of drying out the pitcher's mound, batter's box and basepaths.During a 10-minute break in the fifth, the sound system played "Fixing a Hole" by the Beatles while the Yankees huddled under the dugout roof and Orioles manager Buck Showalter spoke to the umpires.Baltimore left fielder Matt Angle had the most glaring problem with the tough conditions. He got twisted around when Francisco Cervelli lifted a fly into the rain and swirling winds, dropped the ball for an error, slipped trying to recover and wound up with mud all over the front of his uniform.The fans had a hard time keeping their feet, too. In the fifth, two men chased a foul ball behind the plate, lost their balance on a metal walkway and splashed to the ground with a thud. They got an ovation for their effort.Several games in the majors were delayed by rain Tuesday. Major League Baseball and the Yankees talked throughout the delay on what was already shaping up as a difficult week for New York and the Orioles. The teams are scheduled to play again Wednesday at 1:05 p.m. at Yankee Stadium, then meet in Baltimore on Thursday at 1:05 p.m. for the makeup of a previous rainout.Chris Piteo of Springfield, Mass., was among the fans who waited out the delay."This is my one chance to see a game here this season," he said. "It's not like I can come any day to Yankee Stadium."With him were his sister, Marcy, and her two sons, ages 12 and 10. They were all aware that Wednesday was a school day back home."We're already discussing the options," she said with a smile. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 5, Yankees 4, 10 Innings                                                             Empty Seats and Defeat for Yanks  By ADAM HIMMELSBACHSEPT. 8, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BALTIMORE — The crowd at Camden Yards was sparse on Thursday afternoon. It was one of those days when a fan’s yell could reach the field, and it seemed as if beer vendors were speaking into microphones.But when a concessions worker strolled up an aisle in the fifth inning and asked if anyone wanted water, it was understandable that there were no takers.Since Tuesday night, the Yankees and the Orioles had been sprayed, splashed and soaked by the seemingly unending remnants of Tropical Storm Lee. After two games in New York, they traveled to Baltimore to play a game that had been postponed Aug. 27 because of Hurricane Irene.It was hardly a welcome sight, then, when a flood warning was issued here Thursday as a result of the recent downpours. The relentless rains ended in time for the first pitch, but for the Yankees, the outlook did not brighten, as they were defeated by the Orioles, 5-4, in 10 innings. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “It’s been a crazy couple of days, man,” Yankees right fielder Nick Swisher said.With runners on first and second and one out in the bottom of the 10th, Baltimore’s Robert Andino slapped a single to left field off Yankees reliever Scott Proctor, allowing Nolan Reimold to score the winning run. The Yankees’ Ivan Nova, who had won eight starts in a row, received a no-decision after allowing five hits and three earned runs over five and a third innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “To have a day like that,” Nova said, “it’s tough to get through.”The Yankees’ 5-3 win against the Orioles in the Bronx on Tuesday night included a 4-hour 3-minute rain delay and did not end until early Wednesday. That afternoon the two teams took the field at Yankee Stadium again. This time there was no delay, but there were 11 innings, 6 errors and lots of water as the Orioles splashed to a 5-4 victory.On Thursday, radar showed two thin lines of thunderstorms creeping north toward Baltimore, but one stayed a bit to the west and the other a bit to the east.Yankees Manager Joe Girardi had wanted the Orioles to schedule a doubleheader on Aug. 26 in anticipation of Hurricane Irene. But that did not happen, and the Yankees ultimately lost one of their two remaining days off. Photo       Nick Markakis collided with the Yankees' Francisco Cervelli while trying unsuccessfully to score in the 7th inning.  Credit             Steve Ruark/Getty Images           “We knew that all this rain was going to hurt us down the road,” Girardi said. “We knew we would have to deal with this.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Defense helped the Yankees cling to a 4-3 lead Thursday. With Nick Markakis on first in the bottom of the seventh, Vladimir Guerrero drove a double to center off Cory Wade. Curtis Granderson fired the ball to Robinson Cano, whose strong relay throw reached catcher Francisco Cervelli on one hop. Markakis was tagged out during a collision at the plate.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  With one out in the eighth and Baltimore’s Mark Reynolds on second, Chris Davis blooped a single to center field off Rafael Soriano. Granderson fielded the ball and zipped it to Cervelli, who tagged Reynolds. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “That’s my house, so nobody’s going to come inside,” Cervelli said.But Davis advanced to second base on Granderson’s throw, and scored on a single to left by Andino to make it 4-4. In the 10th, Andino drove home the winning run off Proctor, who was pitching his second inning.The Yankees’ bats went silent late in each of the last three games, as Baltimore’s relievers pitched 131/3 consecutive scoreless innings.So the Yankees completed three full games with the Orioles over 42 soggy hours in two cities. After Thursday’s loss, their unusual journey continued as they flew to Southern California to begin a series against the Los Angeles Angels.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Yankees have one day off remaining during the regular season, Sept. 15, and part of that day will be spent traveling from Seattle to Toronto. But the beginning of this trip should be easier to stomach. “At least we’ll get some good weather out in L.A.,” Swisher said.There was a fleeting but welcome preview in the bottom of the ninth Thursday, as the sun peeked through the clouds for the first time in days.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I see the sun!” one fan screamed, as others cheered loudly. Before long, however, the skies had turned gray again, a fitting end to a dreary stretch of baseball.  A version of this article appears in print on September 9, 2011, on Page B13 of the New York edition with the headline: Empty Seats and Defeat for Yanks.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
3 View photosNew York Yankees starting pitcher Ivan Nova throws against the Baltimore Orioles in the second inning of a baseball game Thursday, Sept. 8, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The New York Yankees would have preferred doing just about anything on their day off rather than playing a makeup game at Camden Yards.And that was before they lost to the Baltimore Orioles 5-4 in 10 innings on Thursday.Robert Andino singled home the winning run after tying it in the eighth, giving the Orioles their second straight extra-inning win over New York.It was the fourth game in four days between the division foes. The first three were held at Yankee Stadium before both teams headed south for a makeup of an Aug. 27 contest postponed by Hurricane Irene."It's not ideal, but the Orioles had to do it, too," New York left fielder Brett Gardner said. "It's part of the game. A lot of rain, seems like the whole season."Although rain was in the forecast, the game started on time and was played without interruption. Afterward, the Yankees headed to Los Angeles and the Orioles took off for Toronto."Definitely, it's a lot of baseball in a short period of time," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said before the game. "It's one thing in April when guys are so fresh. It's another thing when it's so late."After building a 4-1 lead, New York didn't get a hit or place a runner in scoring position after the fourth inning."It's surprising we didn't and that's probably the difference in the game," Girardi said. "We lost because we didn't score any more runs."Vladimir Guerrero homered, doubled twice and scored two runs for the Orioles, who celebrated the victory by mobbing Andino at second base.In the 10th, Nolan Reimold got an infield hit off Scott Proctor (0-1) with one out and advanced on a walk. Andino then hit a grounder inside third base that got Reimold home without a throw."We can't walk people in that situation," Proctor said. "It's a good at bat (by Andino). He battled some pitches but again, you just have to execute."Clay Rapada (1-0) retired the only batter he faced in the 10th.The last-place Orioles have nothing to play for except to avoid 100 losses, but they gave the Yankees fits over the last two days."It shows a lot of heart. It shows a lot of character," Rapada said. "We're men just like they are. We want to compete and win. That's what it comes down to."New York starter Ivan Nova allowed three runs in 5 1-3 innings. The right-hander was poised to tie a Yankees single-season rookie record with his 12th straight victory (over 13 starts) before Baltimore pulled even in the eighth. Although that mark is still possible, Nova's run of eight consecutive winning starts ended.Down 4-3, the Orioles missed a chance to tie it in the seventh when Nick Markakis was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on a one-out double by Guerrero.In the eighth, Mark Reynolds was cut down attempting to score on a single by Chris Davis, who took second on the play. Andino followed with an RBI single.Derek Jeter and Eric Chavez each had two RBIs for the Yankees, whose lead in the AL East shrunk to two games, pending Boston's game at Toronto on Thursday night."You try to win every one from here on out and put some space between us and the team behind us," Proctor said.Baltimore starter Alfredo Simon allowed four runs, six hits and a career-high six walks in four innings. Only 43 of his 88 pitches were strikes.New York went up 3-0 in the second with an uprising fueled by three walks. Chavez drove in a run with an infield hit before Jeter delivered a two-run, two-out single.Guerrero hit his 11th homer leading off the bottom half, only the fourth home run allowed by Nova in his last nine starts.Mark Teixeira led off the third with a single, Simon walked Nick Swisher with two outs and Chavez followed with an RBI single to make it 4-1.The Orioles got a run in the fourth when Guerrero doubled and scored on a groundout by Reynolds.A one-out double by Nolan Reimold chased Nova in the sixth, and Boone Logan promptly gave up an RBI double to Davis.NOTES: The Yankees will play a day-night doubleheader against Tampa Bay on Sept. 21 in New York to make up an Aug. 14 rainout, the team announced Thursday. ... Bartolo Colon (8-9) will start Friday for New York in the opener of a three-game series against the Angels, who are pressing Texas for the lead in the AL West. ... Jeremy Guthrie (6-17) will take the mound for Baltimore in Toronto on Friday, and Rick VandenHurk makes his first start of the season Saturday. ... Attendance was announced at 33,841, but that was the number of tickets sold. There were around that many empty seats in a stadium that holds 45,438. 
3 View photosNew York Yankees' grounds crew tend to the field after a downpour of rain during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2011, at Yankee Stadium in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Kmonicek)MoreNEW YORK (AP) — Eduardo Nunez and the Yankees were as sloppy as the weather.Mark Reynolds hit a tiebreaking single in the 11th inning after striking out four times and the Baltimore Orioles outlasted New York 5-4 on Wednesday in another soggy game between two sleep-deprived teams."We gave them a lot of their runs today. That's the bottom line, and that's why we lost this game," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "Even when our regulars aren't in there, our defense has been pretty good. Today it wasn't. I don't know if it was the conditions. I don't know if it was fatigue. I don't know what it was, but it really cost us the game."Less than 11 hours after New York completed a rain-delayed victory, both squads were back at it.The showers returned, too, though the game started on time and was never interrupted other than when the grounds crew needed to apply diamond dust to dry a soaked infield. The stadium lights came on with rain falling again in the sixth."We don't have to worry about making up this game, and that's a good thing," Girardi said. "But physically, it's been a grind. There's no doubt about it."Nolan Reimold hit a two-run homer off A.J. Burnett and the last-place Orioles took advantage of four Yankees errors, two by Nunez as he filled in for Derek Jeter at shortstop. Both teams looked sleepy and sluggish out there — with good reason, too.With few options for a makeup date, they waited out a rain delay of 4 hours, 3 minutes on Tuesday night to play a game that ended at 2:15 a.m. Yankees players rushed home while the Orioles zipped back to their hotel to get a few precious hours of shuteye before heading back to the ballpark Wednesday morning for the 1:05 p.m. start.New York tried to extend this one even longer, putting runners at the corners with two outs in the bottom of the 11th.Pinch-hitter Eric Chavez, batting for Nunez, hit a low, sharp liner toward the middle and shortstop Robert Andino went to the ground to knock it down. He shoveled to second to nip Curtis Granderson for the final out, ending the game after 4 hours, 23 minutes."So many good things today," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Robby came out there and played as good a game at shortstop as you'll ever see played in these conditions, too. I can't tell you how tough that is out there."Pedro Strop (1-1) worked 1 1-3 scoreless innings and Jim Johnson got three outs for his third save.The Orioles used eight pitchers, the Yankees six. The teams meet again in Baltimore on Thursday at 1:05 p.m. — weather permitting — for the makeup of an Aug. 27 rainout caused by Hurricane Irene."I think everybody's going to sleep well on the train," Showalter said.Burnett, given a reprieve in New York's six-man rotation after an effective start at Boston last week, allowed four runs in six-plus innings. Alex Rodriguez hit a two-run double and prized prospect Jesus Montero a two-run single off the fence in right.The AL East leaders, however, had their six-game winning streak snapped. Burnett threw three wild pitches to raise his season total to 23, by far the most in the majors."Every game it seems to be one pitch, and you get somebody going yard," he lamented. "But I kept them in it the best I could. I felt strong, but the 3-1 pitch — I can't give in right there."New York matched a season high for errors, and the last one was especially costly.Nunez couldn't handle a hot shot with one out in the 11th, allowing Matt Angle to reach safely. Angle stole second with two outs and Nick Markakis was intentionally walked before Reynolds delivered an RBI single off Hector Noesi (2-1).Coming off the late night, both managers rested several regulars, and the makeshift lineups resembled a spring training game or Triple-A matchup. Three Yankees hitters wore numbers in the 60s, and neither team looked like a big league bunch as players battled wet, windy weather in front of a sparse crowd for the second straight day.Andino's wind-blown popup in the third dropped behind the mound for a single, eluding Nunez. Burnett missed first base with his foot on a potential double play and a Bronx cheer went up when he and first baseman Brandon Laird finally converted a 3-1 putout after a couple of unsuccessful tries."Disgusting. As sloppy as it gets," Rodriguez said, referring to the Yankees' play. "You expect that with the tough conditions."NOTES: With the game tied in the late innings, Granderson, Mark Teixeira and Robinson Cano all came off the bench. ... To mark the 10-year anniversary of 9-11, the Yankees held a pregame ceremony on the field that included former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. The salute was held four days early at Yankee Stadium because the team will be in the middle of a 10-game, four-city road trip Sunday. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  Third City in Three Days Brings Break in Clouds  By DAVID WALDSTEINSEPT. 9, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        ANAHEIM, Calif. — After three of the wettest, craziest and longest days and nights that the Yankees have endured in years, the team had to travel 2,800 miles to see something they had not seen in days.“Hey, we made it to California and finally saw the sun,” outfielder Brett Gardner said. “It seems like it’s been rainy and wet all season, so it’s nice to finally see some nice weather.”Aside from a worn-out bullpen and a couple of players still reeling slightly from a shaky flight into Baltimore, life was almost completely back to normal for the Yankees by Friday afternoon, West Coast time, when the team took batting practice for the first time since an optional session Monday.Including Friday’s game against the Los Angeles Angels, the Yankees concluded an unusual schedule of playing three games in three different cities in three days, including a cross-country plane trip to the West Coast.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  On Tuesday they beat the Orioles in a sopping wet game that was delayed just over four hours because of unrelenting rain. They came back the next afternoon to play in sloppy conditions again, and had to play 11 innings. That night they flew into Baltimore for a one-day makeup, and even before they got there they endured more unsettling events as their charter plane experienced severe turbulence as it approached the airport. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “That was a rough landing into Baltimore,” Derek Jeter said. “I don’t think we’ve had anything worse.” Photo       Mark Teixeira after striking out in the 10th inning Thursday in the Yankees' second straight extra-inning loss to the Orioles.  Credit             Patrick Semansky/Associated Press           Bartolo Colon, Friday’s starting pitcher, was not on the flight. He was sent to Anaheim straight from New York to avoid the hectic travel the Yankees have endured the last few days. The Yankees’ game against the Orioles on Thursday was a makeup date for the Aug. 27 rainout in Baltimore due to Hurricane Irene.According to the Elias Sports Bureau, the Yankees’ consecutive losses to the Orioles on Wednesday at Yankee Stadium and Thursday at Camden Yards in Baltimore marked only the second time in major league history that a team lost in extra innings on consecutive days to the same team in different ballparks. (It also happened on April 19 and 20, 1900, when the Boston Beaneaters — now the Atlanta Braves — lost to the Philadelphia Phillies, 19-17, in 10 innings at the South End Grounds in Boston, then lost at Philadelphia’s Baker Bowl the next day, 5-4, in 11 innings.)  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Despite the losses to the Orioles, Manager Joe Girardi said he felt the Yankees had handled the unusual circumstances with typical professionalism. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “I didn’t hear guys complaining about it,” Girardi said. “It wasn’t easy physically, we all know that and we weren’t even playing. I thought they took the right attitude.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  At the end of their journey west, the Yankees faced a team playing well and fighting for a playoff spot.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Angels have won five of their last seven games to pull within two and a half games of the first-place Texas Rangers in the American League West. The Angels — a possible postseason opponent for the Yankees if they overtake the Rangers — had trailed by seven games on Aug. 17.“It can be really tough coming out west,” Girardi said, “and you talk about this club, they’re a dangerous team because of their speed, and their starting pitching, and everything they have. But I don’t look at it that way. We just need to win games.”INSIDE PITCHNick Swisher felt a sharp pain in his left elbow after making a throw in Thursday’s game in Baltimore and was left out of Friday’s lineup. He was expected to visit the Angels’ team doctor and could get a magnetic resonance imaging test on the elbow. Swisher has been dealing with soreness for some time, but he has not missed games until now. ... Dellin Betances, a right-handed pitcher, was called up and could be used out of the bullpen in long relief, Joe Girardi said. To stay loose since the end of the season for Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, Betances played catch at his home in Teaneck, N.J., with his brother Anthony.  A version of this article appears in print on September 10, 2011, on Page D2 of the New York edition with the headline: Third City in Three Days Brings Break in Clouds.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      BASEBALL ROUNDUP   Rays Gain Ground on Red Sox in A.L. Wild-Card Race SEPT. 9, 2011             KEEPING SCORE   Lee’s Value to Phillies Can Be Measured in Zeros SEPT. 9, 2011             ORIOLES 5, YANKEES 4, 10 INNINGS   Yankees’ Soggy Stretch Ends With Another Loss to Orioles SEPT. 8, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Rays Beat Red Sox and Creep Closer  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSSEPT. 10, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Evan Longoria hit a run-scoring single in the bottom of the 11th inning Saturday night, helping the host Tampa Bay Rays rebound after blowing a ninth-inning lead to beat the Boston Red Sox, 6-5. The Rays moved four and a half games behind the Red Sox in the American League wild-card race.Desmond Jennings opened the 11th with a triple to center off Daniel Bard (2-7). With one out, Longoria lined a single to center.Jarrod Saltalamacchia and Jacoby Ellsbury hit consecutive one-out homers in the ninth off Tampa Bay closer Kyle Farnsworth to tie the score at 5-5.TIGERS 3, TWINS 2 Brandon Inge hit a solo homer off Minnesota’s Glen Perkins with two outs in the ninth, giving host Detroit its eighth straight victory. The Tigers’ lead in the A.L. Central held at nine and a half games over the Chicago White Sox. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      WHITE SOX 7, INDIANS 3 Alex Rios’s first career grand slam ended the game in the bottom of the 10th for host Chicago.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ATHLETICS 8, RANGERS 7 Pinch-hitter Scott Sizemore’s grand slam broke a 3-3 tie in the sixth inning for visiting Oakland.CARDINALS 4, BRAVES 3 Lance Berkman had a single, a run-scoring double and a walk — reaching base seven straight times in two games — as host St. Louis moved within five and a half games of Atlanta in the National League wild-card race, and within six games of first-place Milwaukee in the N.L. Central. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    PHILLIES 3, BREWERS 2 Philadelphia’s Raul Ibanez doubled and scored on LaTroy Hawkins’s error in the 10th at Milwaukee.D’BACKS 6, PADRES 5 Chris Young and Lyle Overbay homered off San Diego’s Heath Bell in the ninth to send the game into extra innings, and then Overbay drew a bases-loaded walk in the 10th for host Arizona.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  DODGERS 3, GIANTS 0 Dana Eveland combined with two relievers to throw a five-hitter for Los Angeles at San Francisco.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  ROCKIES 12, REDS 7 The teams combined for nine home runs in Denver. The last of them, the first of Jordan Pacheco’s career, broke a 7-7 tie in the fifth for Colorado.IN OTHER GAMES Pinch-hitter J. P. Arencibia hit a game-winning single with two outs in the ninth, completing host Toronto’s two-run rally against Baltimore Orioles closer Kevin Gregg for a 5-4 victory. The Blue Jays’ Jose Bautista hit his major-league-leading 41st home run. ... Anibal Sanchez (8-7) pitched a one-hitter and tied his career high with 11 strikeouts as the Florida Marlins beat the host Pittsburgh Pirates, 3-0.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  BREWERS’ WEEKS MAY START Milwaukee Brewers second baseman Rickie Weeks, out since July 27 with a sprained left ankle, pinch-hit and could return to the lineup Sunday.  A version of this article appears in print on September 11, 2011, on Page SP2 of the New York edition with the headline: Rays Beat Red Sox and Creep Closer.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          CUBS 5, METS 4   Cubs Top Mets on Ramirez’s Ninth-Inning Single SEPT. 10, 2011              Mariano Rivera Quietly Approaches an Underrated Record SEPT. 10, 2011              Matt Kemp May Be the Best Player in the Majors SEPT. 10, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Angels 2, Yankees 1                                                             Quiet Bats Doom Yankees to a Loss in the Ninth  By DAVID WALDSTEINSEPT. 10, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        ANAHEIM, Calif. — Jet-lagged and water-logged, a weary group of Yankees finally played baseball under perfectly dry conditions Friday night. For the first time in four days, there was nary a hint of moisture in the air, but there was also scant offense.The Yankees managed only three hits and one run, another home run by Jesus Montero, and lost, 2-1, to the Los Angeles Angels, who scored the winning run with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning as the Yankees lost their third straight game.The idea of facing Jered Weaver, the Angels’ ace, after a transcontinental journey that landed the Yankees in their third city in three days, was never going to be easy. But the Yankees would not attribute their offensive problems to fatigue or water saturation.“We’re never going to make excuses about being tired or any of that,” Mark Teixeira said. “He just pitched his butt off.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Weaver, who was coming off two oddly poor outings in which he allowed a combined 13 earned runs, corrected whatever flaw had ailed him and threw eight nearly flawless innings. His only blemish was a solo home run from Montero, the surging rookie sensation, who hit his third home run in the third inning. Photo       Mark Teixeira is tagged by Angels catcher Jeff Mathis after striking out in the sixth inning. Although the Yankees lost, they did not lose ground to the Red Sox, who were defeated by the Rays.  Credit             Alex Gallardo/Reuters           He gave up only three hits, walked two and struck out 11. But Yankees starter Bartolo Colon was just as good, allowing only one unearned run, thanks in part to a throwing error by Derek Jeter, over seven terrific innings just when the Yankees needed it. Their bullpen was worn out, Boone Logan, their only reliable lefty, was not available, and so Colon’s strong outing was much appreciated.“He was outstanding,” Jeter said. “What more can you ask him to do? If I didn’t throw that ball away he gets out of that and it’s a different game.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In relief, Dave Robertson pitched a perfect eighth but, with the score tied, 1-1, in the ninth, Angels third baseman Alberto Callaspo reached on an infield single off the lefty reliever Aaron Laffey and was replaced by pinch-runner Jeremy Moore. The Yankees brought in the right-hander Luis Ayala to face Vernon Wells, but with Moore running on the pitch, Wells ripped a single into left field and Moore made it to third.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  With nobody out, Ayala hit Peter Bourjos with a pitch to load the bases, and Angels Manager Mike Scioscia brought in Maicer Izturis to hit for Jeff Mathis. Izturis lifted a fly ball to center field deep enough to score Moore on a sacrifice fly as the Angels won in walk-off fashion for the 10th time this season.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Angels’ only run off Colon came in the fifth. With one out, Bourjos reached on an infield single, and then Jeff Mathis hit a slow roller to Jeter’s right. Jeter charged it and had time to catch Mathis, but his throw was high and down the line, pulling Teixeira off the base.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  One out later, Howie Kendrick singled into right field, scoring Bourjos from third for the unearned run. Photo       Angels pinch hitter Maicer Izturis, center, was mobbed by teammates after the Angels won in walk-off fashion for the 10th time this season.  Credit             Paul Buck/European Pressphoto Agency           “It boils down to you can’t give good teams extra outs,” Jeter noted . “I gave them an extra out by throwing that ball away and more importantly you can’t do it when you’re facing a good pitcher like Weaver because runs are going to be tough to come by.”The first run of the game came off the bat of Montero, who hit his third home run in five days to lead off the third inning. With the lanky Weaver bearing down on him from the right side, Montero ripped a 1-2 fastball in the inside edge over the Yankees’ bullpen beyond the left-field fence, several rows up into the bleachers. It was never in doubt the moment he hit it, and it was one of only 16 home runs Weaver has given up this year in more than 2141/3 innings.“I was thinking in because, well, I’m a catcher, too,” Montero said. “So, I was thinking fastball in at that moment, and thank God I got that pitch.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Montero had only the one hit, but he drove the ball hard each time up against Weaver. He hit a sharp line drive to right field in the fifth inning, then scorched a ground ball down the line that nearly bowled over Callaspo, the third baseman, who made a nifty back-handed play in order to record the out and rob Montero of a hit.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Since being called up Sept. 1, Montero has exceeded even the high expectations set for him. With Friday’s home run, he already has three in six major league games, and he has hit in five straight games.When he hit two home runs in Monday’s victory over the Baltimore Orioles, he became only the second Yankee since 1920 to have multiple home runs in the same game within his first four major league games. The only other player to do so was Shelley Duncan in 2010. Montero also became the first Yankee since Shane Spencer in 1998 to hit his first two home runs in the same game.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “He’s not afraid to be here,” Teixeira said. “You see some young guys and they just want to make contact. They don’t want to get embarrassed, so they want to make sure they put the ball in play. He’s not afraid to let it fly.” Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           In Third City in Three Days, Yankees See a Break in the Clouds SEPT. 9, 2011         BASEBALL ROUNDUP   Rays Gain Ground on Red Sox in A.L. Wild-Card Race SEPT. 9, 2011             KEEPING SCORE   Lee’s Value to Phillies Can Be Measured in Zeros SEPT. 9, 2011                       
3 Toronto Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson outs Baltimore Orioles' Robert Andino (11) in a double play during the third inning of a baseball game in Toronto, Friday, Sept. 9, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Aaron Vincent Elkaim)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Brett Cecil was brilliant against AL East opponents last season. It's been a different story this year for the Blue Jays left-hander.Jeremy Guthrie pitched three-hit ball for seven innings, Vladimir Guerrero and Nick Markakis each drove in a run and the Baltimore Orioles beat Toronto 2-0, their third straight victory.The hard-luck loser was Cecil (4-9), who has not won since July 29 against Texas, a span of eight starts. Cecil allowed two runs, one earned, and seven hits in 7 2-3 innings. He walked one and struck out a season-high nine."He pitched a very good ballgame," Blue Jays manager John Farrell said. "His stuff was more crisp than his last three or four times out."Cecil went 9-2 with a 3.42 ERA in 13 starts against Toronto's division rivals last year but has slipped to 1-4 with a 4.63 ERA in seven starts against the AL East this season.While Friday's outcome wasn't what he wanted, Cecil was still encouraged by his performance."This game, I felt like my mechanics were there," he said. "I told (pitching coach Bruce Walton) after my last bullpen, I felt I was throwing like last year, staying back over the rubber as long as I could and just driving forward."Even the Orioles were impressed."He kept us off-balance," Baltimore catcher Matt Wieters said. "He had his good stuff tonight and was very deceptive."As sharp as Cecil was, he still wasn't good enough to beat Guthrie. The major league leader in losses, Guthrie (7-17) came in having won just once in his past six starts and was seeking to avoid setting a career high for defeats. The right-hander made sure of that in a stellar outing. He walked three and struck out five."He had all four pitches working," Wieters said. "He was able to keep his tempo and keep his pace all night. It seemed like he was in control throughout the whole game."Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson pitched around a leadoff walk to close it out in the ninth for his fourth save in eight opportunities.Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth, taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson. Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second on J.J. Hardy's fielder's choice. Johnson overthrew first base as he tried to complete the double play, allowing Hardy to move to second. One out later, Guerrero drove in Hardy with a single to left."He hit a great pitch, curveball down," Cecil said. "That's just the type of hitter he is. Seems like you can never fool him."The Orioles benefited from another missed double-play opportunity by Toronto in the eighth. With one out and runners at the corners, Nick Markakis grounded into a fielder's choice, with Hardy forced out at second. Markakis beat the relay throw from Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar on a bang-bang play at first, allowing Ryan Adams to score from third. Farrell did not dispute umpire Jim Wolf's call.Cecil had to jump over the jagged end of Adam Jones' bat after the Orioles' outfielder got sawn off in the fourth inning. The barrel of the bat bounced off the mound, with Cecil kicking his legs up to avoid being struck. Jones eventually struck out.After missing two games with a sore right wrist, Adam Lind doubled to begin the second and advanced to third on Brett Lawrie's sacrifice. But Kelly Johnson struck out and J.P. Arencibia grounded out.A throwing error by first baseman Mark Reynolds and a walk to Yunel Escobar gave the Blue Jays runners at first and second with one out in the eighth, but Strop got Eric Thames to ground into a double play."That was probably the one legitimate and true opportunity we had to mount something," Farrell said.Blue Jays right-hander Kyle Drabek made his first appearance since June 12, coming out of the bullpen to work the ninth. Drabek was sent to Triple-A Las Vegas after going 4-5 with a 5.70 ERA in 14 starts.NOTES: Jose Bautista slammed his bat into the padded railing at the top of the dugout steps after striking out swinging to begin the seventh. ... Guthrie also lost 17 games in 2009. ... Guthrie passed 1,000 innings for his career. He's pitched 1001 1-3 innings over eight seasons. ... Toronto was shut out for the eighth time this season. ... Orioles INF Chris Davis, who was activated of the DL Tuesday after missing more than three weeks with an injured right shoulder, took extra BP before the game but was held out of the starting lineup. Davis had played the past three games. ... Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said RHP Jason Berken's return is "imminent." Berken has been out since Aug. 22 with a strained right forearm. ... Toronto OF Colby Rasmus (right wrist) will play two rehab games with Double-A New Hampshire Saturday and Sunday and is expected to come off the DL and rejoin the Blue Jays Tuesday in Boston. Toronto is off Monday. Rasmus has not played since Aug. 23. 
3 Toronto Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson outs Baltimore Orioles' Robert Andino (11) in a double play during the third inning of a baseball game in Toronto, Friday, Sept. 9, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Aaron Vincent Elkaim)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Baseball has taught Jeremy Guthrie not to worry about things beyond his control, so the Orioles pitcher insists he's not concerned about an ugly win-loss mark.Record aside, Guthrie remains focused on his own performance. He had every reason to be happy Friday night.Guthrie pitched three-hit ball for seven innings, Vladimir Guerrero and Nick Markakis each drove in a run and Baltimore beat the Toronto Blue Jays 2-0, their third straight victory."You can't ever lose a game if you give up zero runs," Guthrie said. "That's the ultimate job a pitcher can do."The major league leader in losses, Guthrie (7-17) came in having won just once in his past six starts and was seeking to avoid setting a career high for defeats. The right-hander made sure of that in a stellar outing. He walked three and struck out five."It was all about Jeremy tonight," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "He was solid. He commanded the fastball. When it's there for him, he presents a lot of issues."Catcher Matt Wieters was pleased with Guthrie's effort."He had all four pitches working," Wieters said. "He was able to keep his tempo and keep his pace all night. It seemed like he was in control throughout the whole game."As much as he'd like to avoid losing 20, Guthrie said he learned years ago not to get too wrapped up with his own record."Baseball teaches you that so many things are out of your control," he said. "My first season in Baltimore was a big lesson. I felt like I had a chance to win a lot of games. To get a 'W' next to your name, a lot of things have to happen. You're dependent on four things: your execution, your defense, your offense and the bullpen. I can only control one of four, which means I have 25 percent control over getting a 'W' or an 'L' next to my name at the end of the day."Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson pitched around a leadoff walk to close it out in the ninth for his fourth save in eight opportunities.Baltimore opened the scoring with an unearned run in the sixth, taking advantage of a throwing error by Blue Jays second baseman Kelly Johnson. Robert Andino led off with a single but was erased at second on J.J. Hardy's fielder's choice. Johnson overthrew first base as he tried to complete the double play, allowing Hardy to move to second. One out later, Guerrero drove in Hardy with a single to left."He hit a great pitch, curveball down," Blue Jays left-hander Brett Cecil said. "That's just the type of hitter he is. Seems like you can never fool him."The Orioles benefited from another missed double-play opportunity by Toronto in the eighth. With one out and runners at the corners, Nick Markakis grounded into a fielder's choice, with Hardy forced out at second. Markakis beat the relay throw from Blue Jays shortstop Yunel Escobar on a bang-bang play at first, allowing Ryan Adams to score from third. Toronto manager John Farrell did not dispute umpire Jim Wolf's call.The hard-luck loser was Cecil (4-9), who has not won since July 29 against Texas, a span of eight starts. Cecil allowed two runs, one earned, and seven hits in 7 2-3 innings. He walked one and struck out a season-high nine."(Cecil) was really good," Showalter said. "The key to being in that ballgame is the pitching job our guy did to try and match up with him because you're not going to beat him unless you get a similar outing from your guy."Cecil had to jump over the jagged end of Adam Jones' bat after the Orioles' outfielder got sawn off in the fourth inning. The barrel of the bat bounced off the mound, with Cecil kicking his legs up to avoid being struck. Jones eventually struck out.After missing two games with a sore right wrist, Adam Lind doubled to begin the second and advanced to third on Brett Lawrie's sacrifice. But Johnson struck out and J.P. Arencibia grounded out.A throwing error by first baseman Mark Reynolds and a walk to Yunel Escobar gave the Blue Jays runners at first and second with one out in the eighth, but Strop got Eric Thames to ground into a double play."That was probably the one legitimate and true opportunity we had to mount something," Farrell said.Blue Jays right-hander Kyle Drabek made his first appearance since June 12, coming out of the bullpen to work the ninth. Drabek was sent to Triple-A Las Vegas after going 4-5 with a 5.70 ERA in 14 starts.NOTES: Jose Bautista slammed his bat into the padded railing at the top of the dugout steps after striking out swinging to begin the seventh. ... Guthrie also lost 17 games in 2009. ... Guthrie passed 1,000 innings for his career. He's pitched 1,001 1-3 innings over eight seasons. ... Toronto was shut out for the eighth time this season. ... Orioles INF Chris Davis, who was activated of the DL Tuesday after missing more than three weeks with an injured right shoulder, took extra BP before the game but was held out of the starting lineup. Davis had played the past three games. ... Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said RHP Jason Berken's return is "imminent." Berken has been out since Aug. 22 with a strained right forearm. ... Toronto OF Colby Rasmus (right wrist) will play two rehab games with Double-A New Hampshire Saturday and Sunday and is expected to come off the DL and rejoin the Blue Jays Tuesday in Boston. Toronto is off Monday. Rasmus has not played since Aug. 23. 
6  So let me get this straight. The Orioles sent out a lineup that would probably get beaten in AAA (where most of the players belong) and they still managed to take a lead into the bottom of the ninth, where Kevin Gregg blew it? Yeah, that sounds about right.  At this point I think it's fair to say that no one has ever hated anyone as much as I hate Kevin Gregg. Don't you even dare try to call me out on hyperbole either, because you know you feel exactly the same way. Kevin Gregg can go suck an egg.  The beginning of this game was a back and forth affair, as neither Henderson Alvarez nor Rick VandenHurk seemed interested in holding on to a lead. The O's scored the first run of the game in the top of the first thanks to three consecutive singles from Nick Markakis, Vladimir Guerrero, and Chris Davis, but the Blue Jays went back on top in the bottom of the inning thanks to a two-run homer from Jose Bautista. Yunel Escobar, who was on base for the home run, got there via walk. Don't do that, Hurk, ok?  The Orioles JV squad tied the game in the second as Kyle Hudson bunted for a base hit, then moved to second when Alvarez threw the ball away. The next batter was Pedro Florimon, who today made his major-league debut. Florimon also bunted and just flew down the line. He was called out, but replay showed him to be safe. Way to steal Pedro's first ML hit, Derryl Cousins! At any rate, the bunt moved Hudson to third and he came in to score on a single by Matt Angle.     Friggin' Brett Lawrie hit another home run off of Orioles pitching in the second inning, putting the Jays back on top. It was the 9th home run of Lawrie's young career and 4th against the Orioles. It's gonna be a lot of fun watching that kid hit against the O's for the next several years, huh?    Alvarez wasn't happy with a lead, though, so he coughed up another run in the top of the third. With Vlad on first, Davis lined a double to center field and Vlad came all the way around to score. Josh Bell followed that with a single but Davis was thrown out at the plate to end the inning.  That was the end of the scoring until the eighth inning, although VandenHurk didn't make it out of the third. After Eric Thames flied out to left, Bautista singled and moved to second when Hudson booted the ball. That was enough for Buck Showalter, and since he has approximately 47 relievers in the bullpen, why not? Buck called on Zach Phillips, who has been great for the O's since his call up. Today was no different, as Phillips pitched 1.2 scoreless innings, allowing just one walk.     In fact, the entire bullpen minus one douchey closer was fantastic today. Phillips was followed by Chris Jakubauskas, Troy Patton, Willie Eyre, and Clay Rapada, and the five pitchers combined for a line of 6 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 1 BB, 4 K. Gregg didn't enter the game until there was one out in the ninth, after Rapada struck out David Cooper.  But back to the offense. After the third inning Alvarez calmed down and ultimately pitched seven innings. He didn't allow another run, and in fact only two batters reached base against him after the third inning, one of whom was wiped out on a double play. So the teams entered the eighth inning tied 3-3 as the Blue Jays' bullpen finally entered the game.  Jesse Litsch relieved Alvarez and immediately gave up a double to Robert Andino. Nick Markakis grounded out, but Vlad also doubled to easily score Andino. Success! Sadly Vlad was stranded as both Davis and Bell struck out, but the O's had their first lead since the top of the first inning and only needed six more outs to lock up the game and get their first series win against the Jays this year.  Unfortunately, they only got five of those six outs. After Patton, Eyre, and Rapada combined for a perfect eighth inning and then Rapada retired the first batter of the ninth, the Orioles brought in Kevin Gregg. Gregg needed to get just two outs before allowing two runs, and he got the first immediately by striking out Lawrie. As for the rest, well, it was vintage Kevin Gregg. I've done this before, but I just can't stand to write about him. So here is the play-by-play from MLB.com:    Pitcher Change: Kevin Gregg replaces Clay Rapada.  2.Brett Lawrie strikes out swinging.  3.Kelly Johnson walks.  4.Jose Molina singles on a ground ball to left fielder Kyle Hudson. Kelly Johnson to 2nd. Offensive Substitution: Pinch runner Chris Woodward replaces Jose Molina. Offensive Substitution: Pinch hitter Adam Loewen replaces Dewayne Wise.  5.Adam Loewen hit by pitch. Kelly Johnson to 3rd. Chris Woodward to 2nd. Offensive Substitution: Pinch hitter J. Arencibia replaces Mike McCoy. With J. P. Arencibia batting, wild pitch by Kevin Gregg, Kelly Johnson scores. Chris Woodward to 3rd. Adam Loewen to 2nd.  6.J. P. Arencibia singles on a line drive to left fielder Kyle Hudson. Chris Woodward scores. Adam Loewen to 3rd.    Hate. I haven't seen any post-game comments from Gregg, but it wouldn't surprise me at all if the blamed the entire thing on Craig Tatum.   
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Former Oriole Loewen faces old team for first timeEx-pitcher, now outfielder, says leaving O's was tough decisionSeptember 10, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunTORONTO — Adam Loewen said he's not as emotional this weekend as he was Wednesday, when he made his debut as an outfielder for the Toronto Blue Jays — more than three years after he pitched his final game for the Orioles. But he's not acting like facing his old club is routine. "I came up with the Orioles. I still watch a lot of their games because I am pretty much a fan of the Orioles. I was drafted by them, I know all the guys. I know the awesome people in the organization that are running it now," Loewen, the fourth overall pick in the 2002 draft who never realized his pitching potential because of injuries, said Friday. "As much as I wanted to be a Baltimore Oriole, I thought this would be the best situation for me. But, really, it will be emotional. Because as much as I want to be on the other side, I think this is the right spot for me. But I was torn between the two." var adSkipCounter = 0;  Loewen, 27, was recalled this week from Triple-A Las Vegas, where he hit .306 with 17 homers, 85 RBIs and a .377 on-base percentage in 134 games. He played right field Wednesday, going 1-for-3 and collecting his first major league hit (he was 0-for-2 in interleague plate appearances with the Orioles). He didn't start in Friday's series opener but pinch-hit in the ninth inning of Saturday's game, getting hit by a pitch from Orioles closer Kevin Gregg to load the bases on the way to the Blue Jays' 5-4 win. "I wouldn't have [attempted the transition] if I didn't think I could, but now that I am here, I am kind of amazed at what has gone on," said Loewen, the first player since Rick Ankiel to make it to the big leagues in separate stints as a pitcher and hitter. "But it definitely is not over yet. It's just the beginning. This is definitely an achievement, but I want to do more than play just a couple games." A native of British Columbia, Loewen ruffled some feathers in October 2008, when he decided to sign with Toronto instead of attempting his comeback as an outfielder with an Orioles club that signed him to a $4 million package as an amateur. Orioles management thought it had a handshake agreement with Loewen when he was released from the 40-man roster. "I did feel bad about it, but, at the same time, how many guys do professional organizations release every day that they say, 'Oh, you are going to be the guy for us?' You can look at it that way," he said. "But at the end of the day, I really had to do what was best for me and what I thought I could succeed the best at." After getting phone calls from Blue Jays icon Cito Gaston and then-assistant general manager Alex Anthopoulos and receiving a two-year commitment, Loewen signed with the only big league organization in his native country. "Truthfully, that kind of blew me away," he said. "Wow, the [Jays'] organization really wants me, and they are going to give me a shot." In 2004, Loewen was Baseball America's 13th best prospect overall, and the Orioles were salivating over the left-hander's 6-foot-6 frame and impressive repertoire. But elbow injuries — specifically stress fractures a year apart — made it difficult for him to stay on the field and, finally, to pitch at all. "You just felt sorry for him. It's one of those things you can't do anything about," said Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis, one of Loewen's best friends on the Orioles. "He had one other option, and he took that route. And to get back up here to the big leagues the way he has done, it is pretty unbelievable." As an Oriole, Loewen was 8-8 with a 5.38 ERA in 35 games (29 starts) over parts of three seasons. He struck out 134 batters and walked 106 while allowing 163 hits in 164 innings. He said he's not sure what to expect if he returns to Baltimore as a Blue Jay, but he played for New Hampshire at Double-A Bowie last year and was treated well by the fans in Maryland. "They were great. Nobody heckled me; there were a couple cheers. I was really excited about that. I thought I was going to get booed," he said. "I went out early to make sure I signed autographs for everybody. "That was kind of my apology to them," he joked. dan.connolly@baltsun.com twitter.com/danconnollysun Orioles Insider | Live scores | Photos | Baseball app     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays' Mike McCoy slides in to first after a error by Baltimore Orioles first baseman Mark Reynolds during first inning of a baseball game in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 11, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Aaron Vincent Elkaim)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Another day, another late loss for the Baltimore Orioles.Converted pitcher Adam Loewen hit his first major league home run against his original team to help the Toronto Blue Jays beat Baltimore 6-5 on Sunday.Jose Bautista drove in the tiebreaking run with a seventh-inning sacrifice fly, sending Baltimore to its 29th loss in its last 34 games in Toronto dating to June 2008.The Orioles lost 5-4 on Saturday when Kevin Gregg blew a save opportunity in the ninth. Each of Baltimore's last four losses have been by one or two runs."I was talking to (shortstop J.J. Hardy) during one of our pitching changes," infielder Chris Davis said. "I said, 'When this team really learns to put games away, we're going to win a lot more games.' It seems like the last week that there's been a lot of one-run ballgames where the momentum has switched late in the game and not in our favor. I think it's part of learning, part of growing as a team."Baltimore stranded 11 on Sunday and went 4 for 14 with runners in scoring position."We squandered some offensive opportunities," manager Buck Showalter acknowledged.Joel Carreno (1-0) pitched a scoreless inning for his first career win and Frank Francisco finished for his 14th save in 18 opportunities.David Cooper also went deep as the Blue Jays overcame a 5-3 deficit with a three-run seventh against right-hander Tommy Hunter (3-4).Cooper led off the inning with a drive to right, his second. J.P. Arencibia, whose ninth-inning single gave Toronto a win Saturday, hit a deep drive to center that Matt Angle caught at the wall. Loewen followed with a shot to almost the same spot, but that one cleared the fence for a tying homer."I know so many of the guys over there, it was special to do it against them," said Loewen, who was both a pitcher and position player in high school and junior college.Mike McCoy doubled and Eric Thames singled to chase Hunter before Bautista hit the tiebreaking sacrifice fly off Willie Eyre.Baltimore's first-round draft pick in 2003, Loewen pitched in 35 games for the Orioles between 2006 and 2008 before giving up pitching because of recurring stress fractures in his elbow. He signed a minor league contract with Toronto that winter and began his comeback as a position player, getting called up to the majors last Wednesday after finishing the year at Triple-A Las Vegas with a .306 average, 17 homers and 86 RBIs.Cooper, who has come up through Toronto's minor league ranks alongside Loewen, said his teammate's switch from power arm to power hitter is "unreal.""I remember when he first made the transition and it's night and day," Cooper said. "It's amazing how quickly he's picked up hitting."Hunter, who gave up Loewen's shot, expects to be reminded of it for some time to come."We have the same agent so I'm probably going to hear about this for the rest of the time that we're together," Hunter said. "He's gone through a lot of adversity in the game of baseball. To come back and be productive in the big leagues, not only as a pitcher but coming back at a different position is just ridiculous. Give him a lot of credit."Vladimir Guerrero's sacrifice fly gave Baltimore a 1-0 lead in the first but Toronto answered with two unearned runs in the bottom half. After McCoy reached on an error and Eric Thames on a single, Bautista hit an RBI single and Brett Lawrie's groundout drove in another run.The Orioles used a walk and three straight singles to tie it in the second, with Angle's base hit scoring Davis.Toronto reclaimed the lead in the third. McCoy singled, snapping an 0-for-15 slump, took second on a groundout and moved to third on a fly ball before scoring on Adam Lind's single.The Orioles answered in the fourth, chasing Toronto starter Dustin McGowan after he opened the inning with back-to-back walks. Carlos Villanueva came on and struck out Roberto Andino, then got Angle on a groundout, with the runners advancing to second and third. Hardy was walked intentionally to bring up Nick Markakis, who lined a two-run single to right.Baltimore made it 5-3 with a run in the sixth against Shawn Camp. Angle drew a leadoff walk, went to third on Markakis' ground-rule double and scored on a grounder by Matt Wieters.Making his first start since July 8, 2008, also against Baltimore, McGowan struggled with his control, allowing three runs and four hits in three-plus innings. He walked five and struck out none.Villanueva pitched two innings of relief. Camp, Carreno and Casey Janssen each worked one inning before Francisco closed it out.Hunter, who has not won in three starts, allowed six runs and nine hits in 6 1-3 innings. He walked none and struck out five.NOTES: Orioles CF Adam Jones was scratched for the second straight game with a sore left ankle. Jones fouled a pitch off his ankle Friday. ... Orioles RHP Jason Berken (strained right forearm) is expected to come off the disabled list when the team returns home Monday to begin a three-game series with Tampa Bay. 
3 View photosToronto Blue Jays' Mike McCoy slides in to first after a error by Baltimore Orioles first baseman Mark Reynolds during first inning of a baseball game in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 11, 2011. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Aaron Vincent Elkaim)MoreTORONTO (AP) — Adam Loewen once tried to prevent home runs as a Baltimore Orioles pitcher. On Sunday, he drilled a game-tying shot against his original team.A converted pitcher now playing the outfield, Loewen hit his first major league homer to help the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Orioles 6-5."I know so many of the guys over there, it was special to do it against them," said Loewen, who was both a pitcher and position player in high school and junior college.Jose Bautista drove in the tiebreaking run with a seventh-inning sacrifice fly, sending Baltimore to its 29th loss in its last 34 games in Toronto dating to June 2008.David Cooper also went deep as the Blue Jays rallied to win for the second straight game, overcoming a 5-3 deficit with a three-run seventh against right-hander Tommy Hunter (3-4).Cooper, who has come up through Toronto's minor league ranks alongside Loewen, said his teammate's switch from power arm to power hitter is "unreal.""I remember when he first made the transition and it's night and day," Cooper said. "It's amazing how quickly he's picked up hitting. There's a lot of things to come. He's got a lot of power."Hunter, who gave up Loewen's shot, expects to be reminded of it for some time to come."We have the same agent so I'm probably going to hear about this for the rest of the time that we're together," Hunter said. "He's gone through a lot of adversity in the game of baseball. To come back and be productive in the big leagues, not only as a pitcher but coming back at a different position is just ridiculous. Give him a lot of credit."Baltimore's first-round draft pick in 2003, Loewen pitched in 35 games for the Orioles between 2006 and 2008 before giving up pitching because of recurring stress fractures in his elbow. He signed a minor league contract with Toronto that winter and began his comeback as a position player, getting called up to the majors last Wednesday after finishing the year at Triple-A Las Vegas with a .306 average, 17 homers and 86 RBIs.Joel Carreno (1-0) pitched a scoreless inning for his first career win and Frank Francisco finished for his 14th save in 18 opportunities.Cooper led off the inning with a drive to right, his second. J.P. Arencibia, whose ninth-inning single gave Toronto a 5-4 win Saturday, hit a deep drive to center that Matt Angle caught at the wall. Loewen followed with a shot to almost the same spot, but that one cleared the fence for a tying homer."I didn't really think he got it that good but he's a big, strong guy and he got it out to center field, so I tip my hat to him," Orioles infielder Chris Davis said.Mike McCoy doubled and Eric Thames singled to chase Hunter before Bautista hit the tiebreaking sacrifice fly off Willie Eyre.Vladimir Guerrero's sacrifice fly gave Baltimore a 1-0 lead in the first but Toronto answered with two unearned runs in the bottom half. After McCoy reached on an error and Eric Thames on a single, Bautista hit an RBI single and Brett Lawrie's groundout drove in another run.The Orioles used a walk and three straight singles to tie it in the second, with Angle's base hit scoring Davis.Toronto reclaimed the lead in the third. McCoy singled, snapping an 0-for-15 slump, took second on a groundout and moved to third on a fly ball before scoring on Adam Lind's single.The Orioles answered in the fourth, chasing Toronto starter Dustin McGowan after he opened the inning with back-to-back walks. Carlos Villanueva came on and struck out Roberto Andino, then got Angle on a groundout, with the runners advancing to second and third. J.J. Hardy was walked intentionally to bring up Nick Markakis, who lined a two-run single to right.Baltimore made it 5-3 with a run in the sixth against Shawn Camp. Angle drew a leadoff walk, went to third on Markakis' ground-rule double and scored on a grounder by Matt Wieters.Making his first start since July 8, 2008, also against Baltimore, McGowan struggled with his control, allowing three runs and four hits in three-plus innings. He walked five and struck out none."This is a rehab year. There's going to be peaks and valleys with arm strength along the way," Blue Jays manager John Farrell said.Villanueva pitched two innings of relief. Camp, Carreno and Casey Janssen each worked one inning before Francisco closed it out.Hunter, who has not won in three starts, allowed six runs and nine hits in 6 1-3 innings. He walked none and struck out five.NOTES: Orioles CF Adam Jones was scratched for the second straight game with a sore left ankle. Jones fouled a pitch off his ankle Friday. ... Toronto SS Yunel Escobar, who left Saturday's game after being hit on the left elbow by a pitch, did not start. He is day-to-day. ... Cooper's homer was Toronto's major league-leading 43rd by a rookie. ... Orioles RHP Jason Berken (strained right forearm) is expected to come off the disabled list when the team returns home Monday to begin a three-game series with Tampa Bay. ... To commemorate the 10th anniversary of Sept. 11, members of the Toronto Police and Toronto Fire Department presented the colors and a Toronto firefighter sang the national anthems while the players lined the basepaths. In lieu of a first pitch, Blue Jays LHP Ricky Romero placed the ball on the mound before a moment of silence. Players wore a uniform patch and two special crests were painted on the field. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Rays Cut Gap in Wild Card to Three Games  By ELIZABETH A. HARRIS and THE ASSOCIATED PRESSSEPT. 12, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        B. J. Upton doubled twice and took two walks to set a Tampa Bay record by reaching base in nine straight plate appearances, and the resurgent Rays beat the Orioles, 5-2, on Monday night in Baltimore for their fifth straight victory.Ben Zobrist had three hits and three runs batted in for the Rays, who have won eight of nine to move within three games of idle Boston in the American League wild-card race.Upton went 4 for 4 with a walk on Sunday against Boston, then reached base four successive times against the Orioles before striking out in the eighth inning. The two walks also made Upton the Rays’ career leader with 375.Rays starter Jeff Niemann (10-7) gave up two runs and six hits in seven and two-thirds innings to improve to 7-2 on the road. His previous outing, a defeat against Texas on Sept. 6, was Tampa Bay’s lone loss in nine games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  TIGERS 14, WHITE SOX 4  Jhonny Peralta and Ryan Raburn hit consecutive homers in the second inning as visiting Detroit routed Chicago, extending the Tigers’ winning streak to 10. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      MARLINS 5, BRAVES 4 Mike Stanton’s pinch-hit single in the 12th drove in the go-ahead run and Florida sent host Atlanta to its fourth straight loss. Photo       The Pirates' Derrek Lee hit a sacrifice fly against the Cardinals in the first.  Credit             Justin K. Aller/Getty Images           The Braves have lost 9 of 12 but still lead St. Louis by four and a half games in the National League wild-card race.PIRATES 6, CARDINALS 5 Pedro Ciriaco hit a tie-breaking double to cap a three-run rally in the eighth inning as Pittsburgh kept visiting St. Louis from gaining ground in the wild-card race.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Albert Pujols hit his National League-leading 35th home run for St. Louis, which had won five in a row. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    ASTROS 5, PHILLIES 1 Carlos Lee hit a two-run homer off his former teammate Roy Oswalt as Houston beat visiting Philadelphia. Despite the loss, the Phillies cut to one their magic number for gaining at least a wild-card spot.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CUBS 12, REDS 8 Starlin Castro homered, scored four runs and drove in three while extending his career-high hitting streak to 13 games to lead visiting Chicago over Cincinnati.MANNY RAMIREZ ARRESTED The former outfielder Manny Ramirez was arrested Monday at his home in Weston, Fla., on charges stemming from a domestic dispute, the Broward County Sheriff’s Office said Monday night. Ramirez was arrested on one charge of “touch/strike battery,” the sheriff’s office said in a statement.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In May 2009, Ramirez was suspended for 50 games after evidence tied him to a drug called H.C.G., a fertility drug for women that can be used to produce testosterone in men. In April 2011, facing a 100-game suspension for testing positive for a performance enhancing drug, Ramirez retired from the game. ELIZABETH A. HARRIS  A version of this article appears in print on September 13, 2011, on Page B18 of the New York edition with the headline: Rays Cut Gap In Wild Card To Three Games.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Mets and Yankees Prospect Montero Shared Brief and Scary History SEPT. 12, 2011          Mets’ Sept. 11 Caps Rejected for Sake of Uniformity SEPT. 12, 2011         BATS   A Red Sox Collapse Would Be Matched by Few SEPT. 12, 2011                       
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Davis will spend rest of season playing third baseAdam Jones misses Monday's game due to thumb injurySeptember 12, 2011|By Dan Connolly, The Baltimore SunOne question the Orioles hope to figure out in the next three weeks is whether Chris Davis can be in the mix at third base heading into 2012. A good defensive first baseman, Davis will be the club's primary third baseman until the season ends, assuming his right shoulder handles the grind. "We know Chris can play first base at a high level and have been told by some people who know and have seen him that he's got a chance to be a good third baseman, too," said Orioles manager Buck Showalter. "He's got the arm strength and athleticism, so shame on us if we don't use this opportunity to look at it and allow us to make better decisions as we go forward." var adSkipCounter = 0;  In parts of four seasons in the big leagues, Davis has played 218 games at first base and 57 at third. He started his fifth game at third for the Orioles on Monday (he's had 11 starts at first with his new team). "If I am playing third every day, I like third better. If I am playing first every day, I like first better," said Davis, whom the Orioles acquired, along with Tommy Hunter, in July's Koji Uehara trade with Texas. "I don't necessarily like going back and forth, but I feel like it is something I can do. It's just one of those things that the more you are over there, the more you are playing, the more comfortable you feel." Davis is probably the club's best defensive first baseman, but Mark Reynolds, who has made a major-league leading 29 errors this season, including 26 at third, looks more settled at first base and has never been a designated hitter. So Davis is at third — and so far the tear in his labrum which pushed him to a disabled list stint earlier this month has not been affected. "It feels great. I was really surprised it has responded as well as it has. I haven't had any problems," Davis said. "The first couple days there was a little bit of stiffness, but it feels great and to go out and be able to pick a ball up and start throwing and not feel anything. I think that is huge." Davis said he plans to rest the shoulder this offseason, not play winter ball and not powerlift as much as he usually does. He hopes to come into spring training at 230 pounds instead of 245. That should give him a little more flexibility if he is needed at third full-time. "I think my body will hold up a little bit better and maybe I'll be able to move around a little bit better at third," he said. Jones misses third straight game Orioles center fielder Adam Jones missed his third straight start Monday, this time due to a sore right thumb which he said has bothered him for weeks. He was scheduled to have an X-Ray of the thumb — which may be deeply bruised — shortly before Monday's game and it will be compared to a similar X-Ray he had in July. He has no problem throwing, but it hurts to grip a bat. "I've been playing through it, but the past few weeks (it) has been painful," Jones said. "I'd rather just get a picture to see exactly what's wrong with it." Jones sat out Saturday due to a swollen left ankle and Sunday's lineup scratch was a combination of the two ailments. He is still listed as day-to-day and said he could have started Monday if needed. "Every guy out there has got something we don't talk about every day," Showalter said. "And Adam's just got one of those things that won't completely go away. A lot of guys have things that won't go away until probably a month or so until the season is over." Delmonico visits Camden Yards Orioles 2011 sixth rounder Nick Delmonico was at Camden Yards to take pre-game batting practice Monday before he heads to Sarasota for instructional league this week. "It's a dream come true. You dream about this when you are little. To be able to have a chance to hit on a Major League Baseball field is something special," said Delmonico, who hit several balls into the Camden Yards seats. "I'm very blessed to be given this opportunity and lucky enough to hit a few good ones." The son of former University of Tennessee baseball coach Rod Delmonico, the 19-year-old third baseman said he hadn't been to Camden Yards since he was about 8, when he had a chance to meet one of his baseball heroes, Alex Rodriguez, who was with the Seattle Mariners. "That was the last time I was here," said Delmonico, who signed a $1.525 million deal to eschew a baseball scholarship to the University of Georgia. "I never thought I'd be hitting in this ballpark when I was younger." Tillman needs the break Showalter was asked Monday why pitcher Chris Tillman was not recalled when rosters expanded this month. The manager said it was a combination of things including the need for other pitchers — such as Zach Britton and Rick VandenHurk — to get starts and the fact they had seen Tillman plenty this year. The 23-year-old righty was 3-5 with a 5.52 ERA in 13 starts with the Orioles and 3-6 with a 5.19 ERA in 15 starts at Triple-A Norfolk. He threw a combined 138 1/3 innings this season.1 | 2 |  Next     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  In the Belly of the East  By TYLER KEPNERSEPT. 13, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       The Orioles' Jeremy Guthrie has lost 17 games this season. But at 32, he still wants to continue pitching for a long time.  Credit             Aaron Vincent Elkaim/The Canadian Press, via Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  TORONTO — The glass case in the lobby of the Toronto Blue Jays’ executive office holds World Series trophies from 1992 and 1993. Between them is a small stand, just a few inches high, with a $1 coin. Cito Gaston, the manager of those teams, gave the coin to the receptionist for good luck when he retired two years ago. She displays it as a placeholder for the next trophy, because the coin is dated 1993.Oh, for those days at the SkyDome, when every night was a party. The Blue Jays averaged more than 50,000 fans a game in 1993, the third consecutive season with four million customers. Today’s team can hardly imagine.“The only day they can really compare it to is opening day, when we get 48,000 and the place is electric here from 6 p.m. to 10 p.m.,” said the former pitcher Pat Hentgen, now the bullpen coach for the Blue Jays, who have not made the playoffs since Joe Carter’s home run in Game 6 won the 1993 World Series. “I try to tell the guys that it was like that every day when I broke in.”The Baltimore Orioles had the next-best record in the American League East during Toronto’s seasons of glory. They had their own chances at the World Series later in the decade, losing the American League Championship Series in 1996 and ’97. Every year since, the Orioles have had a losing record. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The teams met for three games last weekend at the complex now known as Rogers Centre. There used to be a Hard Rock Cafe above right field, but it did not renew its lease. Billboards now cover 66 windows of another empty restaurant above center field. Aaron Hill and John McDonald, infielders who were traded last month, still have giant banners in their honor on the side of the stadium.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The city was buzzing last weekend, but not for baseball. Just down Bremner Boulevard, Air Canada Centre hosted an American Idols concert on Friday and a Keith Urban show on Saturday. Movie stars flocked to the Toronto Film Festival. The three baseball games drew only 45,895 fans, easily the lowest attendance for any series in the majors last weekend.For the fourth season in a row, the Blue Jays will almost certainly finish fourth while the Orioles finish last. Yet, in some ways, this was baseball in its purest form, the game for the sake of the game, with nothing to prove in the standings. The teams fought for three compelling days, one game ending with a go-ahead hit and the two others with the tying run at the plate.Both teams have visions of escaping their status as afterthoughts in the roughest division. If baseball adds another wild card to the postseason, as it hopes to do in the near future, the teams would have an extra sliver of hope that their efforts will pay off.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s a healthy organization,” said Alex Anthopoulos, who has streamlined his roster in two seasons as Toronto’s general manager. “We’re in a good place. But now comes the hard part. The teardown is easy. The buildup’s very challenging.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Friday: Orioles 2, Blue Jays 0For his 32nd birthday, in April, Jeremy Guthrie’s wife gave him Michael J. Fox’s memoir, “Lucky Man,” which Guthrie enjoyed. This morning, Guthrie wakes up in Toronto and finds a quotation from Fox on Twitter: “If you want to be an agent of change, it starts with you and what you’re made of.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Guthrie reposted it to his 22,000 followers. He likes the message and thinks it sets a positive tone for his day. Photo       A game-winning hit still meant a lot to the Blue Jays' Brett Lawrie, left, and J.P. Arencibia even if it meant little in the standings and the crowd was sparse.  Credit             Fred Thornhill/Reuters           “I’m not winning,” says Guthrie, a Baltimore right-hander, “so I’ve got to change something.”For the second time in three years, Guthrie leads the A.L. in losses, with 17. As he prepares for his start at the ballpark Friday, the opposite clubhouse stirs to life. The Blue Jays have just taken three of four from the reeling Boston Red Sox, and they are loose, confident.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Brett Lawrie, a rookie third baseman, has a cowboy hat and a bobblehead doll from “The Hangover” on a shelf in his locker. He pokes around on his laptop and chats about hockey with a Toronto reporter. The tattoo on his right forearm says, “Never Surrender.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Blue Jays acquired Lawrie from the Milwaukee Brewers in December for starter Shaun Marcum. On this night, in Milwaukee, Marcum faces his former Blue Jays teammate Roy Halladay of the Philadelphia Phillies. It is a possible playoff preview, 485 miles from Toronto.“To get to the playoffs in this sport, it’s such an accomplishment,” says Anthopoulos, who started his career with the Montreal Expos and has never reached the postseason. “I hope it ends up being a great trade for us, but it’s already a tremendous trade for the Brewers.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lawrie was born in British Columbia in 1990, too late to experience the golden age of Canadian baseball. He gravitated to stars like Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez of the Yankees and now seems comfortable as their peer. Since his promotion a month ago, Lawrie leads all rookies in home runs, total bases and on-base percentage plus slugging percentage.“The whole point of Triple-A is to prepare yourself so you don’t have to worry about anything,” he says. “Just worry about playing baseball. Right when I got here, that’s all I wanted to do.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lawrie is batting sixth, and in the second inning, he sacrifices Adam Lind to third after a leadoff double. But Guthrie strands Lind and never allows a run.With Toronto trailing in the eighth, Hentgen’s bullpen phone rings. Kyle Drabek, the centerpiece of the Halladay deal in 2009, gets loose. Drabek had more walks than strikeouts when the Blue Jays demoted him in June, and now he is relieving for the first time in years.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It gets your heart racing every time you hear that phone ring,” Drabek says afterward. “Then you hear your name called. Right when I heard it, I started throwing as hard as I could, trying to get ready. I had no idea what I was doing.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In the game, he is calm, getting three quick groundouts in the top of the ninth.Up on the third level, behind the plate, Jim Hunter and Rick Dempsey call the game for the Orioles’ cable network. Mike Flanagan, a former pitcher for the Orioles and the Blue Jays, used to be Hunter’s partner for games in Toronto. But Flanagan died last month at 59 from a self-inflicted gunshot wound.His death cut to the core of the Orioles, who wear a memorial patch on their jerseys. Flanagan had been a popular part of the scenery as a player, executive and broadcaster since the 1970s. He was a link to better days. Photo       Baltimore won the A.L. East in 1997 with Cal Ripken but has had losing records since.  Credit             Moe Doiron/Associated Press           “We all feel like we lost a brother,” Hunter says. “No one will ever really know how this happened. But you miss him so much.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Orioles win, making it less likely that Guthrie will join Don Larsen as the only Orioles with 20 losses in a season. Larsen did it in 1954, the year the franchise moved from St. Louis, two years before his perfect game in the World Series.In two years, Guthrie will have reached free agency, and he may not be an Oriole anymore. He passes 1,000 career innings on Friday, with no plans to stop.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I hope to add another thousand,” Guthrie says. He is still in his jersey a half-hour after the game. It is No. 46, the same number Flanagan wore.Saturday: Blue Jays 5, Orioles 4The roof is open again at Rogers Centre, and sunlight pours in. The heat ripples up off the artificial turf, but Manager Buck Showalter, as always, wears long sleeves under his Orioles windbreaker. Ever the multitasker, Showalter invites a reporter to cross the turf with him for a visit to the right-field bullpen.As he passes first base, Showalter is reminded that this is where his Yankees clinched a playoff berth on the final day of the regular season in 1995.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Donnie pounding his fist, right there,” Showalter says, referring to Don Mattingly, as he passes the first-base cutout. “I remember Mr. Steinbrenner in my office.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    George Steinbrenner had urged Showalter to use David Cone on the final weekend, but Showalter was saving Cone for the playoffs. The rookie Andy Pettitte won the series opener, and another young lefty, Sterling Hitchcock, clinched the wild card at the end.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  All these years later, after building the Arizona Diamondbacks, managing the Texas Rangers and broadcasting, Showalter is back in Toronto watching young left-handers. First up is Zach Britton, who won five of his first six starts this season, then one of his next 14.Brian Matusz will be next. A former first-round pick, Matusz is 1-7 with a 9.84 earned run average. He tosses lightly in the outfield while Britton works on the mound.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “This kid right here came out and he was the greatest thing since refried beans, and then he got his nose bloodied for four or five starts,” Showalter says, referring to Britton. “Now he’s fighting his way back. This kid right here, Matusz, same thing. What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger in the long haul. The good ones will fight back. This division and this league — this level of play, period — will separate it for you. Just watch.”Today, Showalter watches Rick VandenHurk, a tall right-hander from the Netherlands. The Toronto slugger Jose Bautista — so flustered by Guthrie on Friday that he slammed his bat against a dugout railing after a strikeout — lashes a home run in the first inning. Lawrie does the same in the second. Photo       Better days in Toronto were long ago: Joe Carter after his Series-winning home run in the ninth inning of Game 6 in 1993.  Credit             Rick Stewart/Allsport           The Orioles’ bullpen takes over in the third, and five relievers hold Toronto scoreless until the ninth. One of them is the journeyman Willie Eyre, 33, whose middle name is Mays. His mother was a Dodgers fan but admired the Giants center fielder.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Eyre faces one hitter, Bautista, and retires him on a pop foul. Like all of the pitchers so far, he was not on the Orioles’ opening-day roster. Closer Kevin Gregg is an exception. A Blue Jay last year, he is booed when he enters with a one-run lead in the bottom of the ninth.With the bases empty and two outs, the Blue Jays’ hitter is Kelly Johnson, whose acquisition in a trade with Arizona last month reflects the long-term logic behind many of Anthopoulos’s moves. The Blue Jays needed a second baseman and plan to offer Johnson salary arbitration this winter. If he accepts, they will have a second baseman for 2012 on a one-year, nonguaranteed deal.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But if Johnson declines and leaves as a free agent, the Blue Jays would receive high draft picks. Anthopoulos, who has greatly increased the team’s scouting staff, would have more chances to flood an already thriving farm system.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Everything comes down to opportunity cost,” Anthopoulos says. “If you go this route, what’s the impact? There’s always options, right?”Johnson works a walk, and Gregg crumbles. A single, a hit batter and a wild pitch tie the score before the rookie catcher J. P. Arencibia wins the game with a pinch-hit single to left. In the clubhouse, Arencibia wears a Maple Leafs cap backward as he speaks for the cameras. Pitcher Brett Cecil shoves a hockey stick at him, and Arencibia knows what to do.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “We played hard — all three periods,” he says, to belly laughs from reporters and teammates. “I don’t think the third baseman was expecting me to go top shelf.”Sunday: Blue Jays 6, Orioles 5A year ago, it seems, the Orioles had more hope than they do now. In four months before Showalter took over, they won 32 games. In his two months they won 34. With a few veteran hitters added to the stable of young pitchers, the thinking went, maybe the Orioles could compete.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Showalter knew better, but made a point not to say it and rattle the good vibes. Some of the veterans, like shortstop J. J. Hardy, have produced. But the pitching has been dreadful.“It’s always going to come down to starting pitching and defense,” said catcher Matt Wieters, a young All-Star who uses a vintage Orioles helmet under his mask. “That’s how you’re going to win the division. Look at a team like Tampa. Their offense doesn’t score many runs, but they’re able to compete because they have great starting pitching.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Orioles, alas, have the worst starters’ earned run average in the majors, at 5.36. They have logged the fewest innings, an average of roughly five and a third per game. The Rays’ starters average almost six and two-thirds, the most in the majors, with an A.L.-best 3.49 E.R.A.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  On Sunday the Orioles use Tommy Hunter, who started (and lost) Game 4 of the World Series for Texas last fall. The Blue Jays counter with Dustin McGowan, making his first start in 38 months after two shoulder operations and another on his knee. McGowan wastes no time reflecting on his journey. Photo       Orioles closer Kevin Gregg failed to tag Kelly Johnson and blew a save Saturday.  Credit             Fred Thornhill/Reuters           “I’m here now,” says McGowan, still wearing his trademark mutton chop sideburns. “I’ve got to compete. All that other stuff can wait. It’s time to get to business.”Business is bad on Sunday, with a four-pitch walk to start the game and four other walks over three innings. But Hunter cannot hold a 5-3 lead, allowing a leadoff homer in the seventh to David Cooper, who hit .364 this season to win the Pacific Coast League batting crown. After a flyout to the wall, Hunter faces center fielder Adam Loewen, who knows the Orioles well.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Baltimore drafted Loewen fourth over all in 2002, as a pitcher, and gave him $4 million. He had a 5.38 E.R.A. in parts of three seasons, longing for a different career.“I remember facing Rick Ankiel in spring training, and he got a hit off me,” Loewen says, referring to the pitcher turned outfielder. “I remember thinking, Man, I wish I was doing what he’s doing. I just needed an opportunity.”’  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Elbow troubles provided it. Loewen, who grew up near Vancouver, British Columbia, retired as a pitcher and signed as an outfielder with the Blue Jays, ready to scale the minor league ladder again. After three seasons, he returned this month, and now, in the seventh inning, he crushes a 93 mile-per-hour fastball, down and in, over the center-field fence.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  It is Loewen’s first career home run — against 14 allowed — and it ties the score, 5-5.“It’s a bad feeling to give up a home run,” he says. “I don’t ever want to be on that side of it again.”After two more hits, Willie Mays Eyre comes in to face Bautista again. This time, Bautista wins the duel, with a sacrifice fly to center to drive in the go-ahead run. The Blue Jays hold on, making a winner of Joel Carreno, a 24-year-old right-hander from the Dominican Republic who jumped from Class AA last month.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Carreno has never won in the majors before, and he has not done many interviews in English, either. “Easy questions,” he pleads with a smile, and he gets them. He says he is comfortable, happy and proud.And then he is humbled. Carreno returns to his locker to find a Little Red Riding Hood costume, complete with a lacy white blouse and red skirt, part of an annual initiation ritual. The rookies revel in the attention, and suddenly it is Halloween in the clubhouse, with a chicken and a baby doll and Drabek dressed as a beer keg.Jose Molina, the veteran catcher, hollers, “Gate 9!” and the rookies take his cue. They roll their luggage out of the stadium and onto the sidewalk, then cluster together on a street corner across from the press gate on the other side of Bremner.They huddle there, snapping photographs and laughing, and soon the team bus rolls by to retrieve them. It makes two lefts, then a right onto the Gardiner Expressway, bound for the airport and a short flight to Boston.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The games there will matter, people will say, because the Red Sox are fighting for a playoff spot. But really, they all count, to the men in uniform and the boys on the bus.  A version of this article appears in print on September 14, 2011, on Page B12 of the New York edition with the headline: In the Belly of the East.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.                 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 9, Mariners 3                                                             Yankees Batter Mariners’ Hernandez for an Easy Victory  By DAVID WALDSTEINSEPT. 13, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        SEATTLE — The Yankees, whose offense awoke Sunday from a two-day slumber, demonstrated in convincing fashion Monday that the previous game was no fluke. The postseason creeping into view, this team has started to amass hits and score runs again, even against one of the best pitchers in baseball.Felix Hernandez, the 2010 American League Cy Young Award winner and a perennial Yankees nemesis, was on the mound for the Seattle Mariners looking for his 15th win of the season and his seventh in 10 career starts against the Yankees. This was never supposed to be the easy night that it turned out to be.The game actually began according to past form. Hernandez set down the first six batters he faced, three by strikeout, and his personal section of fans in left field wearing yellow king shirts, in honor of King Felix, had to be thinking this would be another one of his dominant performances.But the game changed sharply in the Yankees’ favor over the next two innings. The visitors manufactured one run in the third, then exploded for five runs in the fourth inning on their way to an impressive 9-3 victory over the Mariners at Safeco Field. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Boston Red Sox did not play Monday, so the Yankees (89-57) widened their lead over their division rivals to four games in the American League East with only 16 to play. It may be a lead too big to squander, just as in Monday’s game.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I’ll feel good about it if and when we clinch the division,” Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said. “That’s when I’ll feel good.”Yankees starter Phil Hughes outpitched Hernandez, allowing only one run and five hits against the last-place Mariners and winning for the first time since Aug. 19. Combined with his last start against the Baltimore Orioles on Sept. 6, Hughes (5-5) has allowed 3 runs and 10 hits in 12 innings.“For Phil, it comes down to location,” Girardi said. “His curveball seemed to be sharper and he got some strikeouts with it.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Hernandez (14-12) gave up six runs in all, matching the second most he has given up all season. He allowed nine hits, including a solo home run to Mark Teixeira and a two-run shot to Chris Dickerson, who was playing right field while Nick Swisher played first base and Teixeira was the designated hitter. Photo       Phil Hughes held the Mariners to just one run over six innings.  Credit             Ted S. Warren/Associated Press           Dickerson collected two hits off Hernandez, and then jammed his right thumb badly when he slid in to steal second base in his first at-bat. His thumb went numb, he said, and he was worried he had broken it. It wasn’t broken, and in his next at-bat he drove a fastball into the seats from a very good pitcher.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “The last live pitch I saw was two weeks ago,” he said. “Especially off him, you’ve just got to jump on fastballs and that’s what I was able to do.”After Hernandez left the game, Robinson Cano added a bases-clearing double off Dan Cortes in the seventh inning. Cano also had a double and a single off Hernandez. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Even Austin Romine, who started his first game behind the plate, recorded his first major league hit, a single off Cortes to start the seventh inning.“They say the first one is the hardest to get,” Romine said. “I was starting to think about it and then it happened and it made me relax. After that I was confident and relaxed in the box.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Although Hernandez is not having a year as impressive as his previous two — his 3.30 earned run average is his highest since 2008, when it was 3.45 — he is still considered among the most treacherous pitchers in baseball. That made the fourth inning almost seem to defy logic as the Yankees battered Hernandez like a September call-up.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The first three batters in the inning had hits, and the first out resulted in a run. Then came two more hits.Teixeira started the inning with his 37th home run of the season, into the seats in right field. Cano followed with a double into the right-field corner and went to third on Swisher’s single to left. Eric Chavez then lifted a long fly to center field, and Cano trotted home.Brett Gardner doubled to left to score Swisher, and Gardner then scored on Dickerson’s first home run of the season, and the ninth of his career. Clearly, something was not right with the King. Perhaps the most impressive thing he did all game was to finally stanch the bleeding, then stay in for two more scoreless innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But once he left, Cano and the Yankees pounced again on the Mariners’ bullpen, scoring at least nine runs for the first time since they scored 11 on Sept. 5, before all the rain and hectic travel put their offense to sleep for a few days. Their bats are wide awake now. Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Mets and Yankees Prospect Montero Shared Brief and Scary History SEPT. 12, 2011                       
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays' Ben Zobrist follows through for a double in the third inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Monday, Sept. 12, 2011, in Baltimore. Brandon Guyer and B.J. Upton scored on the play. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — B.J. Upton was far more delighted with a victory than etching his name in the Tampa Bay record book — twice.Upton doubled twice and took two walks to set a team mark by reaching base in nine straight plate appearances, and the resurgent Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5-2 on Monday night for their fifth straight victory.Upton went 4 for 4 with a walk on Sunday against Boston, then reached base four successive times against the Orioles before striking out in the eighth inning. Eight times previously a Tampa Bay player got on base in eight straight plate appearances, the last one being Upton in May 2008.The two walks made Upton the Rays' career leader with 375. Carlos Pena held the record with 373.Upton was pleased with his accomplishment, only because it contributed to Tampa Bay's eighth win in nine games. The Rays moved within three games of idle Boston in the AL wild-card race after trailing by nine on Sept. 2."I just want to help this team whether it's offensively or defensively, and right now it happens to be on the offensive end," Upton said. "I feel good right now, and I'll just try to feel good as long as I can. The hits are just falling."And manager Joe Maddon is loving it."That's pretty impressive. He's getting good at-bats," Maddon said. "He's been taking his walks and when they come in the zone he's hitting it. He's been fantastic, he's been really high-end of late, maybe as good as I've seen him. He's playing with a lot of focus and intensity."Ben Zobrist had three hits and three RBIs for the Rays and Jeff Niemann (10-7) gave up two runs and six hits in 7 2-3 innings. Neimann's previous outing, a defeat against Texas on Sept. 6, was Tampa Bay's lone loss in nine games.Joel Peralta worked the ninth for his third save.After playing Baltimore twice more, the Rays head to Boston for a four-game series. They would love to arrive at Fenway Park down by three games or fewer."It will be more exciting," Peralta said.The victory assured the Rays (82-64) of their fourth consecutive winning season. Only the New York Yankees (19), Red Sox (14) and Philadelphia Phillies (9) have a longer current streak.But Tampa Bay is looking for more, such as its third playoff appearance in four years."There's nothing to complain about right now," Maddon said. "We've worked ourselves back into a good spot."Matt Wieters homered for the Orioles, who have dropped three straight. Baltimore needs to go 5-11 the rest of the way to avoid the third 100-loss season since the team moved from St. Louis in 1954.Rookie starter Zach Britton (9-10) gave up five runs, five hits and four walks in five innings. He was 3-0 in his last four starts."It starts and stops with fastball command," manager Buck Showalter said. "That's one of the reasons Tampa is doing a good job with their starters. They have guys with good command of the fastball. Zach didn't have it tonight."The Rays went up 3-0 in the third. Brandon Guyer doubled and Upton walked before Zobrist hit a two-run double and scored on a two-out single by Sean Rodriguez.Upton hit a leadoff double in the fifth and scored on a sacrifice fly by Johnny Damon for a 4-0 lead.Robert Andino doubled in a run for Baltimore in the bottom half, and Wieters hit his 18th homer in the sixth.Upton doubled off Jeremy Accardo leading off the seventh and Zobrist delivered an RBI single.NOTES: The Rays have won 22 straight when scoring at least five runs. ... Tampa Bay purchased the contract of LHP Matt Moore from Triple-A Durham, giving the Rays 32 players on the active roster. ... Baltimore activated RHP Jason Berken (forearm strain) from the 15-day DL. ... Tampa Bay is 6-1 in Baltimore and 3-6 against the Orioles at home. ... The Rays send 12-game winner David Price to the mound Tuesday night against Baltimore's Alfredo Simon, who is 1-0 lifetime in five appearances against Tampa Bay. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Vladimir Guerrero swings and misses a pitch in the first inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays on Monday, Sept. 12, 2011, in Baltimore. Guerrero had one hit in four at-bats in the Orioles' 5-2 loss. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Waiting for Zach Britton to throw strikes made it difficult for the Baltimore Orioles to play spoiler against the surging Tampa Bay Rays.Britton needed 100 pitches to get through five innings, and the Orioles offered little resistance Monday night in a 5-2 defeat.After winning three straight starts from Aug. 22 to Sept. 2, Britton seemed poised to end his rookie season with a flourish. But he lasted only five innings last week at Yankee Stadium and was far too wild against the Rays.Britton (9-10) gave up four runs, five hits and a career-high tying four walks. Only 55 of his 100 pitches were strikes."Real frustrating, because I feel like I have kind of got over that hump," the left-hander said. "It's about throwing strikes and not putting myself in tough situations by walking people. So if you eliminate those, I am fine."Matt Wieters homered for the Orioles, who find themselves in the middle of the AL wild-card chase. Tampa Bay is in hot pursuit of Boston, and Baltimore had a chance to blunt the Rays' charge.Instead, the Orioles appeared listless — in part because of Britton's struggles, according to manager Buck Showalter."Zach had 80 pitches in three innings. That makes it tough," Showalter said. "Tonight was a challenge. Deep counts to every hitter, long innings, just got back off a trip ... tonight we couldn't respond as well as we have for most of the season."B.J. Upton went 2 for 2 with two walks and set a Tampa Bay record by reaching base nine straight times before striking out in the eighth. He also broke the team mark for career walks with 375.Ben Zobrist had three hits and three RBIs for the Rays, who have won five in a row and eight of nine to move within three games of Boston for the wild card.Jeff Niemann (10-7) allowed two runs and six hits in 7 2-3 innings. His previous outing, a defeat against Texas on Sept. 6, was Tampa Bay's lone loss in nine games.Joel Peralta worked the ninth for his third save.The victory assured the Rays (82-64) of their fourth consecutive winning season. Only the New York Yankees (19), Red Sox (14) and Philadelphia Phillies (9) have a longer current streak.But Tampa Bay is looking for more, such as its third playoff appearance in four years."There's nothing to complain about right now," manager Joe Maddon said. "We've worked ourselves back into a good spot."The last-place Orioles, on the other hand, have dropped three straight. Baltimore needs to go 5-11 the rest of the way to avoid the third 100-loss season since the team moved from St. Louis in 1954.Britton should get at least a couple more starts. Showalter said the rookie has 20 innings left before being shut down for the season."It starts and stops with fastball command," Showalter said. "That's one of the reasons Tampa is doing a good job with their starters. They have guys with good command of the fastball. Zach didn't have it tonight."The Rays went up 3-0 in the third. Brandon Guyer doubled and Upton walked before Zobrist hit a two-run double and scored on a two-out single by Sean Rodriguez.Upton hit a leadoff double in the fifth and scored on a sacrifice fly by Johnny Damon for a 4-0 lead.Robert Andino doubled in a run for Baltimore in the bottom half, and Wieters hit his 18th homer in the sixth.Upton doubled off Jeremy Accardo leading off the seventh and Zobrist delivered an RBI single.NOTES: The Rays have won 22 straight when scoring at least five runs. ... Tampa Bay purchased the contract of LHP Matt Moore from Triple-A Durham, giving the Rays 32 players on the active roster. ... Baltimore activated RHP Jason Berken (forearm strain) from the 15-day DL. ... Tampa Bay is 6-1 in Baltimore and 3-6 against the Orioles at home. ... The Rays send 12-game winner David Price to the mound Tuesday night against Baltimore's Alfredo Simon, who is 1-0 lifetime in five appearances against Tampa Bay. 
3 View photosTampa Bay Rays starting pitcher David Price throws against the Baltimore Orioles in the third inning of a baseball game on Tuesday, Sept. 13, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Tampa Bay Rays got a double dose of disappointment at Camden Yards.Blowing a late lead in a 4-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night was tough to take. Watching the scoreboard and seeing Boston pull away from Toronto made it even worse.Tampa Bay led 2-1 in the sixth inning, but Baltimore tied it in the seventh and took control when Matt Wieters hit a two-run homer off J.P. Howell in eighth.Evan Longoria homered for the Rays, whose five-game winning streak ended. The loss dropped Tampa Bay four games behind the Red Sox in the AL wild-card race."Not one of our better offensive nights," manager Joe Maddon said. "They just got us in the end."During the game, Maddon and the players watched the progress of the Boston-Toronto contest on the right-field scoreboard."You can't help it in Baltimore because the scoreboard's right in your face," Maddon said. "Anyone that tells you they're not is not telling you the truth."Toronto had an early lead, but Boston went ahead for good in the fourth and rolled to an 18-6 win."Obviously we peek at it, but our main focus is trying to win that ballgame," Tampa Bay center fielder B.J. Upton said. "What they do is out of our control."With the score 2-all, Howell (2-3) retired the first two batters in the eighth before Vladimir Guerrero singled. Adam Jones entered as a pinch runner and Howell threw over to first base five times — including three in a row — before serving up a 1-1 pitch that Wieters drove into the left-field seats."A stupid pitch," Howell said. "You get sick. Nothing goes through your mind. You go blank. It's disgusting."Troy Patton (1-1) retired all three batters he faced before Jim Johnson got the final out for his fifth save. It was Patton's first major league win.Both starters pitched brilliantly but did not receive a decision.Tampa Bay's David Price allowed two runs, one earned, and four hits in 6 2-3 innings. He is 0-2 against the Orioles, the only team to beat him twice this year.Alfredo Simon was just as good. The right-hander gave up two runs and six hits over seven innings and had a career-high nine strikeouts, including Desmond Jennings three times."We like to be spoilers," Simon said. "We want to do everything we can to beat every team, so if they're in the race, so be it. We want to win every game."So do the Rays."Realistically, we're not going to win the rest of our games," Maddon said. "Hopefully, we just lose a couple."Simon retired 12 straight batters and took a 1-0 lead into the sixth. After Upton drew a one-out walk and stole second, Longoria sent a 1-1 pitch over the left-field wall.But the Orioles bounced back in the seventh. Nolan Reimold walked and stole second before pinch-hitter Jake Fox chased Price with a run-scoring double to left-center.Baltimore got an unearned run in the first inning when J.J. Hardy doubled and scored when shortstop Sean Rodriguez threw wildly to first base after fielding a grounder by Nick Markakis.Tampa Bay loaded the bases with no outs in the second before Simon struck out John Jaso and got Rodriguez to hit into a double play. The Rays didn't get another runner until Upton walked in the sixth, setting the stage for Longoria's 26th home run.After scoring in the first, the Orioles didn't get a runner to second base until the sixth. In the fifth, Robert Andino hit a liner to left that Jennings snagged on the run at the warning track.In the sixth, Hardy reached on an infield hit and Markakis walked before Guerrero hit into a double play. Price then retired Wieters on a grounder to third.NOTES: By stealing second base in the second inning, Tampa Bay's Johnny Damon became the ninth player in baseball history with 200 homers and 400 steals. ... Jones missed a fourth straight start with a sore right thumb. He was chosen the Orioles winner of the Roberto Clemente Award for his charitable work in the community. ... Tampa Bay RHP Kyle Farnsworth is out with a right elbow injury. Maddon said he thinks Farnsworth is improving and will return shortly. Joel Peralta served as the closer on Monday. ... Baltimore has scheduled RHP Jeremy Guthrie (7-17) for the final game of the three-game series Wednesday night. Guthrie leads the majors in losses. The Rays will start RHP Wade Davis (10-8). 
6  The good news is that for the first time in several years, the Orioles will start the season at home! The home opener Friday, April 6th vs the Minnesota Twins. Home Interleague opponents: Nationals, Pirates, Phillies Road Interleague opponents: Braves, Mets, Nationals The only non-divisional teams to visit Camden Yards more than once are the Royals and Athletics.    The Orioles will make THREE west-coast road trips. The first is part of a road trip that starts in Chicago in the end of April, and the second is July 2-8 when the visit the Mariners and Angels. They have no off day prior to that trip but it ends just before the All-Star Break, so all but one Oriole will get some much needed rest after the long trip. The last is September 14-19 to see the Mariners and Athletics. They get an off day at the end of that one.    For the full 2010 schedule, click through the jump.  Baltimore Orioles 2012 Schedule Times TBA, Home Games in BOLD       April Friday              6          Minnesota Twins Saturday          7          Minnesota Twins Sunday             8          Minnesota Twins Monday                        9          New York Yankees Tuesday                       10        New York Yankees Wednesday      11        New York Yankees Thursday                12           open Friday                     13           at Toronto Blue Jays Saturday                14           at Toronto Blue Jays Sunday                   15           at Toronto Blue Jays Monday                 16           at Chicago White Sox Tuesday                 17           at Chicago White Sox    Wednesday           18           at Chicago White Sox Thursday                19           at Chicago White Sox Friday                     20           at Los Angeles Angels Saturday                21           at Los Angeles Angels Sunday                   22           at Los Angeles Angels Monday                        23        open Tuesday                       24        Toronto Blue Jays Wednesday      25        Toronto Blue Jays Thursday          26        Toronto Blue Jays Friday              27        Oakland Athletics Saturday          28        Oakland Athletics Sunday             29        Oakland Athletics Monday                  30           at New York Yankees   May Tuesday                 1             at New York Yankees Wednesday           2             at New York Yankees Thursday                3             open Friday                     4             at Boston Red Sox Saturday                5             at Boston Red Sox Sunday                   6             at Boston Red Sox Monday                        7          Texas Rangers Tuesday                       8          Texas Rangers Wednesday      9          Texas Rangers Thursday          10        Texas Rangers Friday              11        Tampa Bay Rays Saturday          12        Tampa Bay Rays Sunday             13        Tampa Bay Rays  Monday                        14        New York Yankees Tuesday                       15        New York Yankees Wednesday           16           at Kansas City Royals Thursday                17           at Kansas City Royals          Friday                     18           at Washington Nationals Saturday                19           at Washington Nationals Sunday                   20           at Washington Nationals Monday                        21        Boston Red Sox  Tuesday                       22        Boston Red Sox  Wednesday      23        Boston Red Sox Thursday          24        open Friday              25        Kansas City Royals Saturday          26        Kansas City Royals Sunday             27        Kansas City Royals Monday                  28           at Toronto Blue Jays Tuesday                 29           at Toronto Blue Jays Wednesday           30           at Toronto Blue Jays Thursday                31           open   June  Friday                     1             at Tampa Bay Rays Saturday                2             at Tampa Bay Rays Sunday                   3             at Tampa Bay Rays Monday                  4             open Tuesday                 5             at Boston Red Sox Wednesday           6             at Boston Red Sox Thursday                7             at Boston Red Sox Friday              8          Philadelphia Phillies Saturday          9          Philadelphia Phillies Sunday             10        Philadelphia Phillies Monday                        11        open Tuesday                       12        Pittsburgh Pirates Wednesday      13        Pittsburgh Pirates Thursday          14        Pittsburgh Pirates  Friday                     15           at Atlanta Braves Saturday                16           at Atlanta Braves Sunday                   17           at Atlanta Braves Monday                  18           at New York Mets Tuesday                 19           at New York Mets Wednesday           20           at New York Mets Thursday                21           open Friday              22        Washington Nationals Saturday          23        Washington Nationals Sunday             24        Washington Nationals  Monday            25        open  Tuesday                       26        Los Angeles Angels Wednesday      27        Los Angeles Angels Thursday          28        Los Angeles Angels Friday              29        Cleveland Indians Saturday          30        Cleveland Indians   July Sunday             1          Cleveland Indians Monday                  2             at Seattle Mariners Tuesday                 3             at Seattle Mariners Wednesday           4             at Seattle Mariners Thursday                5             at Los Angeles Angels Friday                     6             at Los Angeles Angels Saturday                7             at Los Angeles Angels Sunday                   8             at Los Angeles Angels Monday                  9             ALL Tuesday                 10                  STAR Wednesday           11                           BREAK Thursday          12        open Friday              13        Detroit Tigers Saturday          14        Detroit Tigers Sunday             15        Detroit Tigers Monday                  16           at Minnesota Twins Tuesday                 17           at Minnesota Twins  Wednesday           18           at Minnesota Twins  Thursday                19           at Minnesota Twins Friday                     20           at Cleveland Indians Saturday                21           at Cleveland Indians Sunday                   22           at Cleveland Indians Monday                  23           at Cleveland Indians  Tuesday                       24        Tampa Bay Rays Wednesday      25        Tampa Bay Rays Thursday          26        Tampa Bay Rays Friday              27        Oakland Athletics Saturday          28        Oakland Athletics Sunday             29        Oakland Athletics Monday                  30           at New York Yankees Tuesday                 31           at New York Yankees   August Wednesday           1             at New York Yankees Thursday                2             open Friday                     3             at Tampa Bay Rays Saturday                4             at Tampa Bay Rays Sunday                   5             at Tampa Bay Rays Monday                        6          Seattle Mariners Tuesday                       7          Seattle Mariners Wednesday      8          Seattle Mariners Thursday          9          Kansas City Royals Friday              10        Kansas City Royals Saturday          11        Kansas City Royals Sunday             12        Kansas City Royals Monday                        13        open Tuesday                       14        Boston Red Sox Wednesday      15        Boston Red Sox Thursday          16        Boston Red Sox Friday                     17           at Detroit Tigers Saturday                18           at Detroit Tigers Sunday                   19           at Detroit Tigers Monday                  20           at Texas Rangers Tuesday                 21           at Texas Rangers Wednesday           22           at Texas Rangers  Thursday          23        open Friday              24        Toronto Blue Jays Saturday          25        Toronto Blue Jays Sunday             26        Toronto Blue Jays Monday            27        Chicago White Sox Tuesday           28        Chicago White Sox Wednesday      29        Chicago White Sox Thursday          30        Chicago White Sox Friday                     31           at New York Yankees   September Saturday                1             at New York Yankees Sunday                   2             at New York Yankees Monday                  3             at Toronto Blue Jays Tuesday                 4             at Toronto Blue Jays Wednesday           5             at Toronto Blue Jays  Thursday          6          New York Yankees Friday              7          New York Yankees Saturday          8          New York Yankees Sunday             9          New York Yankees Monday                        10        open Tuesday                       11        Tampa Bay Rays Wednesday      12        Tampa Bay Rays Thursday          13        Tampa Bay Rays Friday                     14           at Oakland Athletics Saturday                15           at Oakland Athletics Sunday                   16           at Oakland Athletics Monday                  17           at Seattle Mariners Tuesday                 18           at Seattle Mariners Wednesday           19           at Seattle Mariners Thursday                20           open Friday                     21           at Boston Red Sox Saturday                22           at Boston Red Sox Sunday                   23           at Boston Red Sox Monday                        24        Toronto Blue Jays Tuesday           25        Toronto Blue Jays Wednesday      26        Toronto Blue Jays Thursday          27        open Friday              28        Boston Red Sox Saturday          29        Boston Red Sox Sunday             30        Boston Red Sox   October Monday                  1             at Tampa Bay Rays Tuesday                 2             at Tampa Bay Rays Wednesday           3             at Tampa Bay Rays  
3 Baltimore Orioles starting pitcher Jeremy Guthrie throws against the Tampa Bay Rays in the first inning of a baseball game on Wednesday, Sept. 14, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — There are times when Jeremy Guthrie throws so well, it's downright hard to believe he's got more losses than any pitcher in the major leagues.Guthrie allowed three hits over seven innings and matched a career high with 10 strikeouts, leading the Baltimore Orioles past the Tampa Bay Rays 6-2 Wednesday night.The Rays are in the middle of a playoff run and the Orioles are in last place, but Baltimore won the pivotal game of the series behind Guthrie (8-17), who won a second straight start for the first time this year."You know when you play Tampa, for the most part you're going to have to pitch with them. Starting pitching, especially," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "Tonight, it was that case."There was a point in the season not too long ago when Guthrie appeared destined to become a 20-game loser. But he's 3-1 with a 2.53 ERA in five starts since Aug. 13."I'm just taking it one at a time," he said. "I think I have a couple more and at the end of the year you look back and see where you're at."After watching Boston lose to Toronto, the Rays took the field knowing that a victory would put them within three games of Boston in the AL wild-card race.Instead, they lost a second straight to the team with the second-worst record in the American League."Just because Guthrie has 17 losses doesn't mean he's a bad pitcher," Rays designated hitter Johnny Damon said. "There are a lot of teams that if he were on them, he would be their ace and he would have a lot more wins."Next up for the Rays: Four games against the Red Sox at Fenway Park, beginning Thursday night. Tampa Bay swept a three-game series from Boston last weekend and is 9-5 against the Red Sox, including 4-1 on the road."Let's get out of here and get up there, get our mojo back," manager Joe Maddon said.Wade Davis (10-9) gave up a three-run homer to Chris Davis and a solo shot to Nolan Reimold. Wade Davis, who allowed four runs and seven hits in 6 1-3 innings, is 4-1 in six career starts at Camden Yards.Matt Wieters added a two-run shot in the eighth off Matt Moore, who was making his major league debut. It was Wieters' 20th home run, the third in three games.If the Rays fall short in their bid to reach the playoffs, they can blame either a 1-8 start or their 9-9 record against the Orioles, who are 14-33 against the rest of the AL East."These guys have our number right now. They have played us well all year," Maddon said.Guthrie improved to 6-10 lifetime against Tampa Bay, 2-3 this season. He also beat the Rays on opening day."He just kept the ball down and didn't leave it over the middle of plate," Tampa Bay center fielder B.J. Upton said. "He has always had good stuff and he showed that today."Jim Johnson worked the final two innings for his sixth save, the second in two nights.Guthrie retired the first eight batters before Reid Brignac singled in the third. Reimold opened the bottom half with his 10th home run, a low-flying line drive that glanced off the top of the left-field wall and into the seats.The lead didn't last long. Guthrie walked two of the first three batters in the fourth and Matt Joyce cleared the bases with a two-out double.In the Baltimore half, Vladimir Guerrero beat out a slow roller to third, Wieters doubled and Chris Davis hit an opposite-field homer to left on an 0-2 pitch for a 4-2 lead.Tampa Bay's final threat came in the seventh. Damon drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Joyce before Guthrie sandwiched two strikeouts around a fly ball by John Jaso.Guthrie was more delighted about playing a part in beating the Rays than he was in earning a rare win."We matched up well at the plate, we pitched well and got some big hits," the right-hander said. "It's a nice series."NOTES: Rays OF Sam Fuld left in the fifth inning with a wrist injury. ... Tampa Bay recalled LHP Alex Torres from Triple-A Durham and purchased the contract of 1B Dan Johnson from Durham, giving the team 34 players in uniform. ... The Rays' rotation for the Boston series: Jeremy Hellickson (12-10), James Shields (15-10), Jeff Niemann (10-7) and David Price (12-12). Tampa Bay has held the Red Sox to a .177 batting average, including .158 in Boston. ... Orioles CF Adam Jones (thumb) hopes to return Friday after missing a fifth straight start. He entered as a defensive replacement in the ninth. ... After a day off Thursday, the Orioles resume play Friday against another playoff hopeful, the Los Angeles Angels. Tommy Hunter (3-4) starts for Baltimore against Dan Haren (15-8). 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Chris Davis hits a three-run home run in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday, Sept. 14, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Tampa Bay Rays missed an opportunity to gain ground in the wild-card race, getting only three hits over seven innings against Jeremy Guthrie in a 6-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.After watching Boston lose to Toronto in an afternoon game, the Rays took the field with a chance to close within three games of the Red Sox in the AL wild-card hunt.Instead, Tampa Bay lost its second straight to the last-place Orioles.Next up for the Rays: Four games against the Red Sox at Fenway Park, beginning Thursday night. Tampa Bay swept a three-game series from Boston last weekend and is 9-5 against the Red Sox, including 4-1 on the road.Guthrie (8-17), the major league leader in losses, tied a career high with 10 strikeouts. The right-hander gave up two runs to win a second consecutive start for the first time this season.Guthrie improved to 6-10 lifetime against Tampa Bay, 2-3 this season. He also beat the Rays on opening day.Jim Johnson worked the final two innings for his sixth save, the second in two nights.Tampa Bay's Wade Davis (10-9) gave up a three-run homer to Chris Davis and a solo shot to Nolan Reimold. Wade Davis, who allowed four runs and seven hits in 6 1-3 innings, is 4-1 in six career starts at Camden Yards.Matt Wieters added a two-run shot in the eighth off Matt Moore, who was making his major league debut. It was Wieters' 20th home run, the third in three games.If the Rays fall short in their bid to reach the playoffs, they can blame either a 1-8 start or their 9-9 record against the Orioles, who are 14-33 against the rest of the AL East.Guthrie retired the first eight batters before Reid Brignac singled in the third. Reimold opened the bottom half with his 10th home run, a low-flying line drive that glanced off the top of the left-field wall and into the seats.The lead didn't last long. Guthrie walked two of the first three batters in the fourth and Matt Joyce cleared the bases with a two-out double.In the Baltimore half, Vladimir Guerrero beat out a slow roller to third, Wieters doubled and Chris Davis hit an opposite-field homer to left on an 0-2 pitch for a 4-2 lead.Tampa Bay's final threat against Guthrie came in the seventh. Johnny Damon drew a leadoff walk and took second on a single by Joyce before Guthrie sandwiched two strikeouts around a fly ball by John Jaso.NOTES: Rays OF Sam Fuld left in the fifth inning with a wrist injury. ... Tampa Bay recalled LHP Alex Torres from Triple-A Durham and purchased the contract of 1B Dan Johnson from Durham, giving the team 34 players in uniform. ... The Rays' rotation for the Boston series: Jeremy Hellickson (12-10), James Shields (15-10), Jeff Niemann (10-7) and David Price (12-12). Tampa Bay has held the Red Sox to a .177 batting average, including .158 in Boston. ... Orioles CF Adam Jones (thumb) hopes to return Friday after missing a fifth straight start. He entered as a defensive replacement in the ninth. ... After a day off Thursday, the Orioles resume play Friday against another playoff hopeful, the Los Angeles Angels. Tommy Hunter (3-4) starts for Baltimore against Dan Haren (15-8). 
0      Supported by    Baseball  For the Red Sox, a Curative Victory    On Baseball  By                       TYLER KEPNER   SEPT. 16, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BostonThe home clubhouse was mostly deserted Friday afternoon, except for the bald man in the “Red Sox Strength” T-shirt, sitting in a folding chair tapping on a cellphone. The other Red Sox were out on the field, stretching for batting practice, but this one would not be joining them.“I’m good today, guys,” Kevin Youkilis said, wearily, when approached by a few reporters. “I’m not going to answer questions every day about how I feel.”Youkilis’s body had told the story the night before. Youkilis has bursitis in his left hip and needs surgery for a sports hernia after the season. He all but creaked at third base on Thursday, a one-man version of his sputtering team, crumbling near the finish line as the spry Tampa Bay Rays bear down.The Red Sox needed to feel whole again. They needed to show they could handle the pesky, persistent team that never seems to care about its tight budget. With their wild-card lead whittled to three, they needed Josh Beckett.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s a tough time for us right now, and we need that one pitcher who can put the team on his back and carry us out of this thing,” right fielder Josh Reddick said before the game. “A guy who’s been that consistent all year is always going to bring that much more confidence.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Beckett had not pitched since Sept. 5, when he sprained his ankle in Toronto. Over the last eight games, covering most of his absence, no Boston starter had met the minimum requirements for a quality start: at least six innings, no more than three earned runs. Photo       Josh Beckett pitched six innings, allowing three runs, in his first start since Sept. 5, when he sprained an ankle.  Credit             Jim Rogash/Getty Images           No wonder, then, that the Red Sox had lost 9 of 11 before Beckett and the bullpen stifled the Rays, 4-3, on Friday. The slide had recalled memories of the Red Sox’ 2-10 start.“We’re in a bad stretch at a bad time,” Beckett said after grinding through six innings. “Kind of like at the beginning of the year. Everybody wrote us off. Nobody’s ever bounced back from that, and we have. Our guys have persevered through a lot of things.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  They did so on Friday, overcoming what Beckett called a debacle of a first inning that started with a bunt single and his own throwing error, and included a two-run homer by Evan Longoria.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Red Sox tied the score against James Shields in their half of the first, then tied it again in the third after Beckett gave up a run. A fourth-inning homer by Youkilis’s replacement, Mike Aviles, gave the Red Sox their first lead in the last 42 innings between these teams.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Every day you come to the park, you have a chance to do something special,” said Aviles, who escaped the Kansas City Royals in a July trade. “Lucky for me, today was my day.”Scoring four runs off Shields is a feat, but the Red Sox know they can score, even without Youkilis and with Carl Crawford a shadow of his Tampa Bay self. This night was about pitching, which meant Beckett, and everything that comes with him.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Beckett seems to hit the snooze button between pitches, always needing just a little more time to deliver the ball. Watching him plod can be painful, and the Rays passed the time by gleefully running as soon as he raised his left leg. Photo       The Red Sox' Mike Aviles broke a 3-3 tie in the fourth inning with a two-out home run off James Shields, the Rays' All-Star starter.  Credit             Jim Rogash/Getty Images           They stole six bases off Beckett, three by Johnny Damon. Yet only one of the steals turned into a run, mostly because catcher Jason Varitek sailed his throw into center.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “At some point in time, you’ve just got to stop caring,” Beckett said. “You just let them do what they’re going to do. I’m worried about making a pitch and getting somebody out.”Beckett’s outing was not smooth — he retired the side in order just once — but he allowed two earned runs and seven hits and struck out seven, with one intentional walk. He showed typical toughness under pressure, ending four innings with a runner in scoring position. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Alfredo Aceves locked down the seventh, and Manager Terry Francona went to Daniel Bard for the eighth. Bard has been awful lately — he had a 17.36 earned run average and three blown saves in five September games — but he struck out the side with a walk on Friday. Rediscovering his changeup made the difference.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “There are certain times throwing off-speed pitches gets you locked back into your mechanics,” Bard said. “You keep your weight back on the changeup, and that translates to your fastball, too.”Jonathan Papelbon struck out three more in the ninth, and maybe now fans and players can breathe again. The victory restored a four-game cushion in the wild-card race, with 12 games to play, including seven against the last-place Baltimore Orioles.The Rays, meanwhile, have seven games left with the first-place Yankees. Friday’s game resolved nothing, but it did bring perspective back to Yawkey Way.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s a step in the right direction,” Bard said. “The rest of the season is up to us. If we play baseball the way we should, we’ll be where we need to be.”  A version of this article appears in print on September 17, 2011, on Page D1 of the New York edition with the headline: For the Red Sox, a Curative Victory.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      BASEBALL ROUNDUP   Rout by Orioles Dampens Angels’ Playoff Hopes SEPT. 16, 2011             ON BASEBALL   On Baseball: Pitching-Rich Rays Continue Late Charge SEPT. 15, 2011                           On Baseball A regular analytical column looking at major league baseball.                                          Seeing Noah Syndergaard’s Injury Coming at 100 M.P.H.             MAY 1                                         In Early Going, the Yankees Steal the Mets’ Thunder             APR 28                                         Homer-Hitting Mets Can Blast, but Fail to Bloop             APR 23                                         Daniel Murphy’s Keen Eye Bolsters a Nationals Pillar             APR 21                                         As Pirates’ Starling Marte Begins Suspension, Mets’ Jeurys Familia Returns             APR 19       See More »       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Baseball Roundup                                                             Angels’ Drive for Playoffs Slows Down in Baltimore  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS and RICHARD SANDOMIRSEPT. 16, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Tommy Hunter threw seven scoreless innings Friday night as the Orioles damaged the Los Angeles Angels’ postseason hopes with an 8-3 victory in Baltimore.Mark Reynolds and Nolan Reimold homered for the Orioles, who reached Angels starter Dan Haren (15-9) for seven runs — six earned — in five innings.The Angels, who had won 8 of 11, fell four games behind the first-place Texas Rangers in the American League West and five games behind Boston in the wild-card race. The Rangers played later at Seattle.BREWERS 6, REDS 3 Ryan Braun hit his 29th and 30th home runs, becoming the second Brewer to reach 30 homers and 30 steals in a season, as Milwaukee preserved its five-and-a-half game lead over St. Louis in the National League Central and eliminated host Cincinnati from playoff contention. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      CARDINALS 4, PHILLIES 2 Adron Chambers drove in the tie-breaking run in the 11th with his first major league hit as St. Louis sustained its playoff push and kept host Philadelphia from clinching the N.L. East.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  GIANTS 9, ROCKIES 1 Madison Bumgarner allowed one unearned run in seven strong innings and hit a two-run double for visiting San Francisco, which has a slim chance of catching Arizona in the N.L. West. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    DODGERS PRESS FOR TV AUCTION The Los Angeles Dodgers are seeking a bankruptcy court judge’s approval to auction off their future cable television rights. But in so doing, they might run into stiff opposition from Major League Baseball and Fox.In its motion requesting approval, the Dodgers said the market was “optimal” to sell the rights to 150 games a year beyond 2013. And it suggested that Fox, which carries the Dodgers on its Prime Ticket regional network; Time Warner Cable; DirecTV; Dish Network; Charter; and private investors “may welcome” the chance to start a regional channel focused on the Dodgers or be a partner with the team in a new channel.Any delay in an auction “risks deterioration in value due to changed circumstances,” said the motion, which was filed Friday in federal bankruptcy court in Wilmington, Del.The Dodgers tried to extend their current contract with Prime Ticket, but Commissioner Bud Selig rejected the plan. (The deal, worth at least $2 billion over 17 years, would have provided Frank McCourt, the Dodgers’ owner, with a $385 million upfront payment and a 35 percent stake in Prime Ticket.) Selig told McCourt that he had put the team in a bad position by not waiting to test the market at a time when he was under duress from a liquidity crisis and divorce.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The team said in the motion that the payments proposed by Fox were conservative compared with what it could get in an auction.  RICHARD SANDOMIR  A version of this article appears in print on September 17, 2011, on Page D5 of the New York edition with the headline: Angels’ Drive for Playoffs Slows Down in Baltimore.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          BLUE JAYS 5, YANKEES 4   Rivera’s 601st Save Will Have to Wait as Yankees Fall SEPT. 16, 2011          Yankees’ Rodriguez (Thumb) Expected to Return on Saturday SEPT. 16, 2011              Verlander Could Reach the Rarefied Air of 25 wins SEPT. 16, 2011             ON BASEBALL   For the Red Sox, a Curative Victory Over the Rays SEPT. 16, 2011             METS 12, BRAVES 2   Contending Braves Give the Mets a Reason to Play Hard SEPT. 16, 2011                       
6  I was just thinking about Matt Wieters and how happy he makes me, and I decided to take a trip over to FanGraphs to look at his most up-to-date numbers. Lo and behold, their latest article is actually about our special one. Of course I expect you to go to FanGraphs to read the entire article, but here is some of the meat: When examining Wieters' Fielding Independent Batting (walks, strikeouts, home runs, BABIP):  Over his first two seasons, in 887 plate appearances, Matt Wieters posted 87 walks (9.8%), 180 strikeouts (20.3%), 20 homers (2.3%) and a .317 BABIP — all leading to about a 90 wRC+. Using the minimum samples for each of the relevant stats, we find that Wieters has improved considerably. While his walk rate has decreased (to 8.4%) over the last 200 plate appearances, Wieters’ strikeout rate (17.0% over the last 150 PA) and home run rate (5.0% over last 300 PA) have both improved — with the latter showing marked improvement. If we entertain the possibility that each of these new marks represents Wieters’ true talent, we find (via the magic of Bradley Woodrum’s Should Hit calculator, and plugging in Wieters’ career .303 BABIP) that Wieters is now no longer a slightly below-average hitter relative to the league, but rather something like a 130 wRC+ hitter. Assuming average defense at the catcher spot, a 130 wRC+ hitter is worth something like six wins (i.e. 6.0 WAR) every 650 plate appearances — a mark that fewer than 20 players are likely to reach in any given season.     Further, FanGraphs suggests that we shouldn't just write off small sample size because of Wieters' pedigree as an elite college hitter. Instead, we should expect that Wieters will continue to hit as he has begun to over his last 300 or so plate appearances, and the article ends with, "Wieters will likely end up being Matt Wieters of legend." So there is your good news for the day.  
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Rays Cut Boston’s Wild-Card Lead Back to 3 Games  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSSEPT. 17, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Three games out. Eleven left to play. And the Tampa Bay Rays mean it when they say the next one is the most important of all.“We are definitely playing playoff baseball right now and we’re not even in the playoffs yet,” Manager Joe Maddon said Saturday after the Rays beat the host Red Sox, 4-3, trimming Boston’s lead in the American League wild-card race to three games.Ben Zobrist hit a two-run homer against Jon Lester, and starter Jeff Niemann (11-7) allowed two runs in five solid innings for Tampa Bay, which has won seven of its last eight against Boston, including two of three in this weekend’s series. The Red Sox have lost 10 of their last 13 games since Sept. 3, when they led the wild-card race by nine games.Tim Wakefield faces Tampa Bay’s David Price in the series finale Sunday.With another victory over Boston, the Rays would trail by two heading into the final 10 games. But they have 7 of their last 11 against the first-place Yankees, and Boston has seven of its remaining games against the last-place Baltimore Orioles. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Lester (15-8) went just four innings against Tampa Bay last Sunday, giving up four runs. He was better this time, allowing four runs, five hits and four walks and striking out five in seven innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Boston is batting just .123 against Niemann, who gave up four hits in five innings, walking two and striking out six. Matt Moore pitched three innings of relief, and Joel Peralta pitched the ninth for his fourth save.RANGERS 7, MARINERS 6 Josh Hamilton had four hits, including a homer, and drove in three runs to help Texas outslug host Seattle and extend its A.L. West lead to four and a half games over the Angels. The Rangers’ offense picked up Colby Lewis (13-10), who qualified for the win despite giving up six runs in five and two-thirds innings.ORIOLES 6, ANGELS 2 Ervin Santana (11-12) yielded five first-inning runs to host Baltimore, dooming Los Angeles to its second straight loss to the Orioles. Besides losing ground to Texas, the Angels remained five games behind Boston in the A.L. wild-card race. J. J. Hardy hit his career-high 27th homer and Mark Reynolds hit No. 34 in the first inning for Baltimore. Photo       Desmond Jennings diving safely for home and a 3-0 Rays lead after Jon Lester's wild pitch with two outs in the third inning.  Credit             Adam Hunger/Reuters           ATHLETICS 5, TIGERS 3 Gio Gonzalez (14-12) pitched seven innings and host Oakland turned three double plays against Detroit one day after the Tigers clinched the A.L. Central, their first division title since 1987.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PHILLIES CLINCH DIVISION Roy Oswalt (8-9) threw seven scoreless innings, Raul Ibanez hit a grand slam and the Phillies clinched their fifth straight National League East title with a 9-2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals in Philadelphia.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Phillies players ran onto the field a bit faster than usual, but they simply exchanged handshakes, hugs and high-fives. They also put on shirts and hats trumpeting the division title. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    BREWERS 10, REDS 1 Yovani Gallardo (17-10) struck out a career-high 13 and Ryan Braun hit his third home run in two nights to help visiting Milwaukee inch closer to an N.L. Central championship. The Brewers moved six and a half games ahead of St. Louis.Gallardo struck out four batters in the fifth inning, when Brandon Phillips reached on a third-strike wild pitch.MARLINS 4, NATIONALS 1 Stephen Strasburg of host Washington allowed one run and four hits over six innings in his third start after Tommy John elbow surgery, but Donnie Murphy’s two-run homer in the 13th lifted Florida.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  PADRES 3, DIAMONDBACKS 1 Wade LeBlanc (4-5) and three relievers combined on a five-hitter, and Orlando Hudson and Jeremy Hermida homered as host San Diego, in last place in the N.L. West, beat first-place Arizona for the second straight night. The Diamondbacks’ lead over the San Francisco Giants fell to five games with 10 to play.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  GIANTS 6, ROCKIES 5 Carlos Beltran hit an R.B.I. double in a four-run eighth inning for San Francisco at Colorado. The Giants have won seven straight.CUBS 2, ASTROS 1 For its first 49 seasons in the majors, Houston could say it had never lost 100 games in a year. No more.In a microcosm of the Astros’ season, they squandered a bases-loaded chance in the ninth inning and fell to Rodrigo Lopez and the Cubs in Chicago for their 100th loss against 51 victories.  A version of this article appears in print on September 18, 2011, on Page SP3 of the New York edition with the headline: Rays Cut Boston’s Wild-Card Lead Back to 3 Games.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Ted Williams’s .406 Average Is More Than a Number SEPT. 17, 2011             YANKEES 7, BLUE JAYS 6   Rivera Ties Saves Record as Yankees Win SEPT. 17, 2011             BRAVES 1, METS 0   Hudson Outduels Dickey as Braves Shut Out Mets SEPT. 17, 2011             EXTRA BASES   Oddly, Tigers, Yankees and Arizona All Like a 2009 Deal SEPT. 17, 2011                       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Tommy Hunter delivers against the Los Angeles Angels in the first inning of a baseball game, Friday, Sept. 16, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Knowing that every loss puts their playoff hopes in further jeopardy, the Los Angeles Angels played a clunker of a game against the last-place Baltimore Orioles.Starting pitcher Dan Haren struggled in his second-shortest outing of the season, the offense was silent until the ninth inning, and the Angels also made a costly error in an 8-3 defeat Friday night.Los Angeles remained 3 1-2 games behind first-place Texas in the AL West and dropped five games behind Boston in the wild-card race."A lot of things they did on the field better than we did," manager Mike Scioscia said. "We have to play at a higher level."After the Angels fell behind 8-0, Scioscia pulled every one of his position players except third baseman Alberto Callaspo."No message," the manager said. "At this part of the season, in a game like that, we needed to get some young legs out there and let these guys regroup."Tommy Hunter (4-4) pitched seven shutout innings for the Orioles, who have become spoilers of late. Baltimore took two of three from wild-card hopeful Tampa Bay before easily handling the Angels, who had won eight of 11 coming in."We'd like to finish strong no matter who it is out there," Hunter said. "It's not one of those things where we're going to play harder against one of these teams or that team. This team is young. We want to go out there and play, no matter who it is."Nolan Reimold and Mark Reynolds homered for Baltimore, now 2-5 against Los Angeles this season.The Angels avoided a shutout in the ninth against Kevin Gregg, who allowed a two-run homer to Hank Conger and an RBI double to Alexi Amarista."We lost. It's very concerning," outfielder Torii Hunter said. "We didn't play like a team that is in the pennant race."Tommy Hunter gave up seven hits, struck out five and walked two in his most impressive outing since coming to Baltimore on July 30 from Texas. He came in 1-4 with an 8.79 ERA in seven career games against Los Angeles.Haren (15-9) yielded seven runs and seven hits in five-plus innings."Everyone knows that every game is important. I feel terrible," the right-hander said. "We have some games to make up and time is running out."Haren got into trouble in the second, when the Orioles manufactured two runs on one hit. Reimold walked, stole second and scored on Robert Andino's single. A sacrifice bunt and a wild pitch got Andino to third, and he came home on J.J. Hardy's groundout.Baltimore made it 5-0 in the fifth. After Reynolds led off with his 33rd homer and Andino got an infield hit, Callaspo let a grounder go through his legs for an error. Hardy followed with a two-run double.Any hope the Angels had of a comeback ended in the sixth, when the Orioles increased the lead to 8-0. Chris Davis led off with a single and Reynolds doubled to chase Haren. Tyler Chatwood entered and threw a wild pitch, allowing Davis to score, and Reimold followed with a drive to left on an 0-2 pitch.NOTES: Orioles CF Adam Jones was a late scratch with a sore thumb. He has missed six straight starts, and manager Buck Showalter said Jones will get an MRI on Saturday. Jones' absence provided Reimold a chance to play. ... Reynolds' homer ended an 0-for-21 skid. ... Los Angeles was averaging 6.8 runs per game against the Orioles. ... RHP Ervin Santana (11-11) will start for the Angels on Saturday against rookie Zach Britton (9-10). Santana has won five straight road starts but has a 6.75 ERA at Camden Yards. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles pitcher Tommy Hunter delivers against the Los Angeles Angels in the first inning of a baseball game, Friday, Sept. 16, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Baltimore Orioles won't get to the postseason this year, yet they could determine who does.Tommy Hunter pitched seven scoreless innings, Mark Reynolds and Nolan Reimold homered, and the Orioles blunted the Los Angeles Angels' playoff charge with an 8-3 victory Friday night.Los Angeles remained 3 1-2 games behind first-place Texas in the AL West and dropped five games behind Boston in the wild-card race.It was the third straight win for the last-place Orioles, who have become spoilers of late. Baltimore took two of three from wild-card hopeful Tampa Bay before easily handling the Angels, who had won eight of 11.Baltimore needs two more wins to avoid the third 100-loss season since the team moved to Baltimore in 1954, but their incentive down the stretch goes beyond that."There's a lot to do in 12 games," said center fielder Adam Jones, who's been sidelined with a sore thumb but hopes to return soon. "We've got seven against the Red Sox. We can be a very significant part of how everything finishes out."The Orioles certainly made an impression on the Angels."A lot of things they did on the field better than we did," Los Angeles manager Mike Scioscia said. "We have to play at a higher level."After the Angels fell behind 8-0, Scioscia pulled every one of his position players except third baseman Alberto Callaspo."No message," Scioscia said. "At this part of the season, in a game like that, we needed to get some young legs out there and let these guys regroup."The Angels avoided a shutout in the ninth against Kevin Gregg, who allowed a two-run homer to Hank Conger and an RBI double to Alexi Amarista."We lost. It's very concerning," outfielder Torii Hunter said. "We didn't play like a team that is in the pennant race."Tommy Hunter gave up seven hits, struck out five and walked two in his most impressive outing since coming to Baltimore on July 30 from Texas. He came in 1-4 with an 8.79 ERA in seven career games against Los Angeles."We'd like to finish strong no matter who it is out there," he said. "It's not one of those things where we're going to play harder against one of these teams or that team. This team is young. We want to go out there and play, no matter who it is."Haren (15-9) yielded seven runs — six earned — and seven hits in five-plus innings."Everyone knows that every game is important. I feel terrible," the right-hander said. "We have some games to make up and time is running out."Haren got into trouble in the second, when the Orioles manufactured two runs on one hit. Reimold walked, stole second and scored on Robert Andino's single. A sacrifice bunt and a wild pitch got Andino to third, and he came home on J.J. Hardy's groundout.Baltimore made it 5-0 in the fifth. After Reynolds led off with his 33rd homer and Andino got an infield hit, Callaspo let a grounder go through his legs for an error. Hardy followed with a two-run double.Any hope the Angels had of a comeback ended in the sixth, when the Orioles increased the lead to 8-0. Chris Davis led off with a single and Reynolds doubled to chase Haren. Tyler Chatwood entered and threw a wild pitch, allowing Davis to score, and Reimold followed with a drive to left on an 0-2 pitch.NOTES: Jones was a late scratch. He has missed six straight starts, and manager Buck Showalter said Jones will get an MRI on Saturday. Jones' absence provided Reimold a chance to play. ... Reynolds' homer ended an 0-for-21 skid. ... Los Angeles was averaging 6.8 runs per game against the Orioles. ... RHP Ervin Santana (11-11) will start for the Angels on Saturday against rookie Zach Britton (9-10). Santana has won five straight road starts but has a 6.75 ERA at Camden Yards. 
3 View photosLos Angeles Angels' Erick Aybar follows through on a two-run home run against the Baltimore Orioles in the fourth inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 18, 2011, in Baltimore. At left is catcher Craig Tatum. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Erick Aybar enjoyed the finest day of his career at a time when the Los Angeles Angels needed him the most.Aybar went 4 for 4, homered twice and tied a franchise record by scoring five runs, leading Los Angeles to an 11-2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.Aybar's effort provided the Angels a welcome boost in their frantic pursuit of a postseason berth. Los Angeles, which began the day 4½ games in back of division-leading Texas, closed within four games behind Boston in the wild-card hunt."A very important win," Aybar said through an interpreter. "I felt great being able to contribute to what was really a team effort. Eleven runs wasn't just all my runs, so I feel good about that."The victory enabled the Angels to avert a three-game sweep against the last-place Orioles, who won the first two by a collective 14-5 score."Everybody felt the need, not just me," Aybar said. "We lost two games in a row and we felt this was a game to win. We need to keep winning."It was the first career multihomer game for Aybar, who hit a solo shot in the third inning and a two-run drive in the fourth. His four hits tied a career high, as did his four RBIs.His five runs matched the club record set by Tim Salmon on April 12, 1998, at Cleveland."When he's on, he brings a very consistent approach whether he hits with no one on or he hits with someone in scoring position," manager Mike Scioscia said of Aybar. "He usually puts the ball in play. That's rule No. 1 when you're a little guy and not expected to hit home runs."Vernon Wells also connected for the Angels, who next play a four-game series in Toronto, their final destination on the road this season. Baltimore travels to Boston for four games, beginning with a day-night doubleheader on Monday."It was nice to get this win," winning pitcher Jered Weaver said. "Hopefully, we can take this into Toronto and take three of four or four of four."Pitching on three days' rest, Weaver (18-7) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings. He is 12-3 since the beginning of June, and his 18 wins are two more than his previous career high."That's why he's one of the best pitchers in the game right now," said Baltimore catcher Craig Tatum, who went 0 for 3. "He showed he can come back off three days' rest and still be good. His ball moves, he locates, he keeps the ball down. He just didn't give us much to hit."Vladimir Guerrero homered, tripled and had two RBIs for the Orioles, whose four-game winning streak ended. It was the 449th career home run for Guerrero, tied with Jeff Bagwell for 35th place on the career list.Alfredo Simon (4-9) gave up six runs and eight hits, including three home runs, in five innings.Aybar opened the game by drawing a four-pitch walk and scored on a double by Bobby Abreu. Later in the inning, Simon hit Mark Trumbo with a pitch, prompting home plate umpire Laz Diaz to issue a warning to both sides.One night earlier, Ervin Santana hit Baltimore's Mark Reynolds in the helmet with a pitch. Reynolds, who did not play Sunday, said before the game that Santana purposely threw at him.And Simon didn't deny doing likewise."We just got hit yesterday and I'm going to defend my players," he said. "We just got hit hard and that's what happens in the game."Brad Bergesen plunked Jeff Mathis on the helmet in the sixth inning but was not ejected. Bergesen did, however, appeared to be obviously dismayed over the errant pitch.Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the first when Nick Markakis hit a two-out single — ending an 0-for-18 skid — and the 36-year-old Guerrero followed with his first triple since July 2010.Aybar put the Angels up 2-1 in the third with his ninth homer, and Wells hit No. 22 with a man on in the fourth. Three batters later, Aybar drove a pitch over the right-field wall.Howie Kendrick doubled in two runs in the sixth off Bergesen, and Aybar hit an RBI double in a three-run eighth.NOTES: Eight of the Angels' 15 hits were for extra bases. ... Jerome Williams (3-0) will start Monday for the Angels, who are 7-4 in their last 11 games in Toronto. ... Jeremy Guthrie (8-17) and Brian Matusz (1-7, 9.84 ERA) will start for Baltimore on Monday. ... It was Abreu's 30th double, the 12th time in his career he's reached that mark. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Mark Reynolds falls to the ground after getting hit in the head by a pitch by Los Angeles Angels' Ervin Santana in the third inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 17, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Gail Burton)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Los Angeles Angels haven't reached panic mode — yet.Although their shaky playoff hopes absorbed another blow Saturday night with a 6-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles, the Angels know they can't afford to succumb to self-imposed pressure."It's the elephant in the room," first baseman Mark Trumbo said. "I guess there's a couple ways you can approach it. I don't think it would be beneficial if there was panic, so this is going to be the way we go about it. Guys want to win, there's no doubt about it, but everyone here's professional enough to go about it without yelling and screaming."Desperately needing a win to stay within striking distance of first-place Texas in the AL West and Boston in the wild-card chase, Los Angeles fell flat for the second night in a row against the last-place Orioles.The Angels dropped 4½ games behind Texas in the division race and remained five games in back of Boston in the wild-card hunt. Los Angeles has lost four of six and has only 11 games left."Every time you don't get it done, obviously it's making that climb a little bit tougher," manager Mike Scioscia said. "We're getting down to where you see the finish line and we know we've got to pick up some ground. But you got to focus on what it's going to take to win some games and bring that out on the field and we haven't done a very good job of that the last two nights."Orioles rookie Zach Britton (10-10) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings, walked two and had a career-high seven strikeouts.Pedro Strop worked the eighth and Jim Johnson gave up a two-out RBI triple to Vernon Wells in the ninth.J.J. Hardy hit his career-high 27th homer and Mark Reynolds hit No. 34 off Ervin Santana (11-12) in the first inning for the Orioles.With nothing else to play for, Baltimore has embraced the spoiler role."I think it more so just shows the type of people we are as a team," Britton said. "We could easily have just kind of thrown in the towel and we're not doing that. We know that these teams have something to play for and we are playing them hard."Santana settled down after the first inning, but the damage was done. The right-hander gave up five runs and five hits over seven innings and lost his third consecutive start. He was 5-0 in his previous five road starts."I was all over the place," Santana said. "Then, after that, (I) refocused and throw strikes."Santana was dangerously wild. He walked three and hit two batters with pitches, including Reynolds, who was plunked in the helmet with a fastball in the third inning. Reynolds insisted upon remaining in the game, but was removed in the top of the fifth.Reynolds was taken to the hospital for a precautionary CT scan, manager Buck Showalter said.Baltimore sent 10 batters to the plate in the first inning and scored twice before Santana got an out.After Matt Angle drew a leadoff walk, Hardy drove a 3-2 pitch over the left-field wall. One out later, Vladimir Guerrero singled and Matt Wieters walked before Reynolds homered with two outs on an 0-2 pitch.The Angels, meanwhile, didn't get their first hit until Mike Trout singled with one out in the fifth. Erick Aybar followed with a single and Bobby Wilson hit a sacrifice fly.Mark Trumbo led off the seventh with a single and advanced to third with two outs before Aybar grounded out.Baltimore made it 6-1 in the eighth against Garrett Richards. Wieters walked on four pitches and scored when Trout bobbled Chris Davis' double to right.NOTES: The start of the game was delayed 14 minutes after home plate umpire Brian O'Nora was struck in the right ankle by a ricocheting warmup pitch from Britton. The fallen umpire was helped off by Orioles athletic trainers. X-rays were inconclusive. Second base umpire Alfonzo Marquez moved behind the plate and the game was played with three umps. ... An MRI performed Saturday on Orioles OF Adam Jones revealed a sprained right thumb. "I'm fine, basically. Just tough it out," said Jones, who missed his seventh straight start because of the injury. "I've never really had this before. It's new to me." ... Right-hander Jered Weaver will start Sunday for the Angels on three days rest, Scioscia said. .. Showalter said left-hander Brian Matusz would start one of the games in Monday's doubleheader at Boston. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Roundup                                                             Offensive Outburst Allows Red Sox to Salvage Split  By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSSEPT. 19, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        Boston’s lead in the American League wild-card race was down to one and a half games after losing the opener of a doubleheader, and John Lackey was not helping things when he gave up three runs in the first inning of the nightcap.That was when the Red Sox started hitting, and they did not stop until they were cruising to an 18-9 victory over the Baltimore Orioles that gave them a split of the day-night doubleheader and stopped, for now, their slide in the A.L. wild-card race.“We’ve been playing from a deficit a lot,” said Red Sox Manager Terry Francona, whose team has fallen behind by three or more runs in 11 of its last 16 games. “That’s a hard way to play.”The Orioles won the opener, 6-5, to send Boston to its 12th loss in 15 tries. But Jed Lowrie hit a three-run homer in the first inning to erase an early deficit in the second game and give the Red Sox the lead for good, then Jacoby Ellsbury hit an inside-the-park homer to spark a seven-run seventh inning. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The next five batters reached base before Conor Jackson hit a grand slam as Boston matched its season high in runs and hits (20). Photo       David Ortiz threw his helmet after ending the fifth inning as Boston lost the first game of a doubleheader to the Orioles, 6-5.  Credit             Elise Amendola/Associated Press           The Red Sox lead Tampa Bay by two games in the wild-card standings. The Rays were idle; they open a four-game series against the first-place Yankees on Tuesday.“We need to have fun,” Jackson said. “We’ve been stressing out. We just need to go out and play baseball like when we were 12 years old and have fun.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lackey fell behind, 3-0, but the Red Sox took a 4-3 lead after one and made it 6-3 in the second and 11-5 after three innings. Then Lackey gave up another run in the fourth and two more in the fifth before Scott Atchison (1-0) came on for a one-pitch double play to end the inning.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Orioles starter Brian Matusz (1-8) got just five outs, allowing six runs and six hits.The Boston slugger Adrian Gonzalez reached base seven straight times in the doubleheader, Marco Scutaro had six hits and Dustin Pedroia drove in five runs on the day. But Lackey could not get through the fifth; he has allowed 25 earned runs in 242/3 innings in his last five starts.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Jeremy Guthrie (9-17) pitched the last-place Orioles to the win in the day game. Robert Andino and Nolan Reimold hit back-to-back homers into the Green Monster seats off Kyle Weiland (0-3) as the Orioles won in Boston for the first time in six games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CARDINALS 4, PHILLIES 3 Kyle Lohse outpitched Roy Halladay, and St. Louis Cardinals held off host Philadelphia to gain ground on Atlanta in the National League wild-card chase. Photo       Jacoby Ellsbury hit an inside-the park home run in the seventh inning of the second game as the Red Sox won, 18-9.  Credit             Jim Rogash/Getty Images           Lance Berkman homered and had an R.B.I. single for the surging Cardinals, who moved to two and a half games of the Braves.Despite the loss, the N.L. East champion Phillies clinched home-field advantage throughout the postseason when Milwaukee lost to the Chicago Cubs.DIAMONDBACKS 1, PIRATES 0 Ian Kennedy pitched eight dominant innings to become the N.L.’s first 20-game winner and host Arizona cut its magic number to four to clinch the West title. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    MARLINS 6, BRAVES 5 Sliding Atlanta stumbled again, falling to host Florida on Omar Infante’s game-ending two-run homer, cutting the Braves’ N.L. wild-card lead to two and a half.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  CUBS 5, BREWERS 2 Geovany Soto hit two two-run homers and drove in all of Chicago’s runs in a victory over visiting Milwaukee.The loss and St. Louis’s win over Philadelphia kept the Brewers’ magic number for clinching the N.L. Central at four. They are looking for their first division title in 29 years.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  IN OTHER GAMES Adam Lind drove in the winning run with a grounder in the 10th inning and the Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels, 3-2, before a crowd of 11,178 in Toronto. ...Mike Carp hit a grand slam and drove in five runs during Seattle’s nine-run third, handing host Cleveland a 12-6 loss in a game called after seven innings because of rain. ... Cory Luebke took a no-hitter into the sixth as visiting San Diego sent Colorado to its fifth straight loss, 8-2. ...Matt Downs hit a tie-breaking homer in the eighth to send the Houston Astros past the Reds, 3-2, in Cincinnati.   Correction: September 21, 2011   The baseball roundup on Tuesday by The Associated Press misstated, in some editions, the score after one inning of the second game of Boston’s day-night doubleheader split with Baltimore. The Red Sox led the Orioles, 4-3, not 4-2.     A version of this article appears in print on September 20, 2011, on Page B13 of the New York edition with the headline: Offensive Outburst Allows Red Sox to Salvage Split.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          YANKEES 6, TWINS 4   Rivera Gets Record 602nd Save in Classic 1-2-3 Fashion SEPT. 19, 2011                       
3 1902 — Chicago's Jim Callaghan tossed the White Sox's first no-hitter, beating Detroit 2-0.1908 — Frank Smith of the Chicago White Sox threw his second career no-hitter for a 1-0 victory over the Philadelphia Athletics.1912 — The Detroit Tigers snapped Joe Wood's 16-game win streak with a 6-4 win over the Boston Red Sox.1924 — Grover Cleveland Alexander won his 300th game as the Chicago Cubs beat the New York Giants 7-3 in 12 innings.1958 — Hoyt Wilhelm of the Baltimore Orioles pitched a 1-0 no-hitter against the New York Yankees at Memorial Stadium, with the only run coming on a home run by Gus Triandos.1968 — Mickey Mantle hit his 536th and last home run in the major leagues, a solo shot against Boston's Jim Lonborg.1969 — Bob Moose of the Pittsburgh Pirates pitched a 4-0 no-hitter against the New York Mets at Shea Stadium.1988 — Wade Boggs became the first player this century to get 200 hits in six consecutive seasons as the Boston Red Sox pounded Toronto 13-2. Boggs also joined Lou Gehrig as the only players to get 200 hits and 100 walks in three consecutive years.1992 — Philadelphia second baseman Mickey Morandini made the first unassisted triple play in the National League in 65 years, the ninth in major league history, in the Phillies' 3-2, 13-inning loss to Pittsburgh.1998 — Cal Ripken took himself out of the starting lineup and did not play in the Baltimore Orioles' loss to the New York Yankees, ending his consecutive-games streak at 2,632 games. After nearly 16 years, Ripken said he decided the time was right to end the streak, which began May 30, 1982.2005 — Colorado tied a franchise record by scoring 20 runs on 23 hits in a 20-1 victory over San Diego. Matt Holliday homered twice and drove in a career-high eight runs, tying a franchise record.2008 — Francisco Rodriguez recorded his 60th save in Los Angeles' 7-3 victory over Texas.Today's birthdays: Ian Desmond, 26; Jason Bay, 31. 
1 /* Javascript deferred */var addthis_options = "digg, twitter, facebook, stumbleupon, delicious, friendfeed, buzz, slashdot, reddit, mixx, fark, linkedin, aim, google, myspace, newsvine, technorati, tumblr, typepad, wordpress, more";var addthis_exclude = "print";var addthis_pub     = "archivedigger";/* Javascript deferred */Heyman: The Orioles are frontrunners for FielderSeptember 19, 2011|By Matt VenselThe Orioles, who can officially avoid the 100-loss plateau with one win in Monday's doubleheader against the Red Sox, haven’t made a big splash in free agency in recent years -- unless you count overpaying for Zombie Vladimir Guerrero or inking the immortal Garrett Atkins -- but Jon Heyman says this winter could be different.Heyman, who is a national baseball writer for Sports Illustrated, believes the Orioles are the favorites to sign Brewers first baseman Prince Fielder, who said last week that this is likely his last season in Milwaukee.“They've used power-hitting but strikeout-prone Mark Reynolds and Chris Davis at first base since trading Derrek Lee, but it isn't certain how sold they are on either one,” Heyman speculated. “They tried for Baltimore native Mark Teixeira three winters ago, and there are whispers Orioles owner Peter Angelos may open his checkbook.” var adSkipCounter = 0; Fielder, who is represented by agent Scott Boras, is making $15.5 million this year and is said to want a nine-figure contract. And if Jayson Werth got one, you can be sure Fielder will get his, too.The 27-year-old slugger is an MVP candidate in the National League this season. He is batting .296 with 33 doubles, 34 home runs and 112 runs batted in. He has hit 196 homers in the past five seasons.Obviously, that kind of production would look great on paper here in Baltimore, which in recent years has had a revolving door at first base. But it’s going take a lot of paper to convince him to sign here.I’m talking more than a hundred million in mesothelioma money. Will Peter Angelos be willing to pony it up?*** This post has been updated since its first publication.     window._taboola = window._taboola || [];   _taboola.push({     mode: 'thumbnails-f',     container: 'taboola-below-article-thumbnails---archives',     placement: 'Below Article Thumbnails - Archives',     target_type: 'mix'   });  MORE:Whether a stent is needed can be tough callWhy expansion tank is needed'Blushing' ear is no cause for alarm7 Ways Michael Jackson Changed The WorldCivil War wasn't to end slavery Purposes: The South fought to defend slavery. The North's focus was not to end slavery but to preserve the union. The slavery apology debate misses these facts.A tragic case of contradictions Slaying: A father and daughter's first outing alone would be their last. Police say Richard Nicolas killed 2-year-old Aja, but friends say they're certain he didn't. 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 7, Red Sox 5                                                             Red Sox Exude That Old-Time Sinking Feeling  By HOWARD BECKSEPT. 20, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Vladimir Guerrero of the Orioles was put out by Adrian Gonzalez in the first inning Tuesday.  Credit             Jim Rogash/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  BOSTON — On a gray and gloomy September afternoon, on the 20th day of what may be memorialized as the Great Red Sox Collapse of 2011, came a rude intrusion from 2004.Curt Schilling — pitching icon, Red Sox legend and all-purpose flame-thrower — was on the airwaves, rhetorically burying his former team. In a Tuesday morning interview on WEEI, Schilling measured the Red Sox’ untimely tailspin, 14 losses in 19 games, and concluded, “I don’t think they’re going to make it.”He meant the playoffs, which a few weeks ago seemed a certainty, before a crisis of pitching, health and collective spirit sent the Red Sox tumbling. By Tuesday, they clung to a slim lead over Tampa Bay for the wild-card berth, having all but surrendered their chance at the division title.That lead remained two games (one in the loss column) after a predictably torturous 7-5 loss to the Baltimore Orioles. Starter Erik Bedard lasted just two and two-thirds innings. Jonathan Papelbon, the usually reliable closer, blew a 5-4 lead with two outs in the eighth. The tailspin stands at 15 losses in 20 games. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The only silver lining for the Red Sox was on the out-of-town scoreboard, which showed the Rays losing, 5-0, to the Yankees. Still, there was little to disprove the notion, offered by Schilling, that the season is “crashing down around” the Red Sox and that “there’s been a huge momentum shift” in favor of the Rays.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  By the time Schilling’s proclamation was relayed to him Tuesday afternoon, Manager Terry Francona was already in mid-snarl, responding with a dismissive “O.K.” followed by an unprintable rejoinder, followed by a simple “I don’t care.”Seven autumns ago, Schilling helped lead the Red Sox renaissance, anchoring a historic comeback from a 3-0 deficit in the American League Championship Series and helping them claim the 2004 championship. It was the year when the impossible became possible on Lansdowne Street. The Red Sox celebrated another title three years later, further burying their hard-luck loser legacy.Suddenly, the karmic pendulum is swinging the other way, as if the universe is trying to rebalance its portfolio.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Boston closed August atop the A.L. East but saw its lead sliced to a half-game on Sept. 1, when they blew a lead and lost, 4-2, to the Yankees. Then came a 10-0 thumping in Texas, three losses in Toronto and three more at Tampa Bay. Last week, the Rays took three of four games at Fenway.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  As recently as Sept. 3, Boston held a nine-game lead over Tampa Bay for the wild-card berth. Now nothing seems assured except this: If the Red Sox miss the playoffs, it will be one of the greatest collapses in history. Photo       Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon after yielding a three-run double in the eighth inning Tuesday, giving the Orioles a 7-5 lead.  Credit             Jim Rogash/Getty Images           Pitching, once a presumed strength, has been Boston’s undoing. As of Tuesday, the Red Sox ranked 21st in the majors with a 4.14 earned-run average, making them the only team in the bottom third with a chance to make the playoffs. They remain alive because of an offense that ranked No. 1 in runs scored (842) and batting average (.280) and was second in home runs (193).  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Tim Wakefield, the 45-year-old knuckleballer, is 7-7 with a 5.08 ERA. John Lackey, in the second year of an $82 million contract, is 12-12 with a 6.49 ERA in 27 starts. In their desperation, the Red Sox recently turned to the rookie Kyle Weiland. He has given up 12 earned runs in 112/3 innings over three September starts.It is Lackey, however, who has caused the most consternation and angst. No one in the Red Sox’ 111 years has had a higher E.R.A. with a minimum of 150 innings, according to Sports Illustrated. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Injuries have also robbed the Red Sox of Daisuke Matsuzaka (out since May 17) and Clay Buchholz (June 17), who is working to return by the postseason, if there is one.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  On Tuesday, the Red Sox turned to Bedard, who had been solid until injuries sidelined him for three weeks this month. He was done in by one bad inning and one costly error. With two outs in the third, Vladimir Guerrero hit a deep line drive to right field that glanced off the glove of Josh Reddick, allowing Nick Markakis to score. Bedard walked the next two batters, and Mark Reynolds followed with a two-run single for a 4-1 lead.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Misread it,” Reddick said of Guerrero’s liner. Reddick added, “It’s the worst feeling ever, knowing that you made your starting pitcher work a lot harder than he should have.”The bigger blow came in the eighth inning, when Papelbon gave up a bases-clearing two-out double to Robert Andino.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “There’s no reason for us to sit here and say the walls are crumbling down,” Papelbon said, despite much evidence to the contrary.Hours earlier, the clubhouse gloom was briefly pierced by gleeful howls. Ric Flair, the flamboyant wrestler, had come to visit two devoted fans, Reddick and Dustin Pedroia, and the three took turns bellowing, “Whooo!” — Flair’s signature exultation. Pedroia and Reddick posed for photographs and tried on Flair’s massive championship belt.For a moment, it was as if the self-described “Idiots” of 2004 were roaming the room again.The surprise visit was a nice mood-enhancer and, in some odd way, an inspiration.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “Just being a champion as much as he has been,” Reddick said of Flair.No one had the heart to point out that wrestling titles are fake.  A version of this article appears in print on September 21, 2011, on Page B17 of the New York edition with the headline: Red Sox Exude That Old-Time Sinking Feeling.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage           Baseball’s Bronze Age SEPT. 20, 2011             ROUNDUP   Brewers Inch Closer to Spot in Playoffs SEPT. 20, 2011         BATS   Yankees in Position to Do Red Sox a Favor SEPT. 20, 2011                       
2  BOSTON (AP) — Robert Andino’s three-run double in the eighth inning gave the Baltimore Orioles a 7-5 win Tuesday night and ruined a chance for the Boston Red Sox to extend their two-game lead in the AL wild-card race. Andino’s go-ahead hit came off Jonathan Papelbon, who had gone 21 games since last allowing a run on July 16. It was his second blown save of the season and first since May 9, the last time he entered a game before the ninth inning. The Red Sox seemed headed for a three-game, wild-card lead over Tampa Bay, which lost to the New York Yankees 5-0 on Tuesday. But their struggles continued as they fell to 4-13 since leading the Rays by nine games on Sept. 3. Boston has seven games remaining and Tampa Bay has nine. Willie Eyre (2-1) got the win and Jim Johnson picked up his eighth save in 13 opportunities. Daniel Bard (2-9) had runners at first and second with one out when he was replaced by Papelbon. Papelbon, who had 28 strikeouts in the 21 scoreless outings, struck out Chris Davis for the second out. Then Nolan Reimold singled to short left field, loading the bases, and Andino doubled down the right-field line for his third hit of the game. The Red Sox wrap up a three-game series with the Orioles on Wednesday night before playing their last six on the road, three each against the New York Yankees and Baltimore. Adrian Gonzalez drove in three runs with a two-run homer and a double for the Red Sox. They went ahead 1-0 in the first on consecutive doubles by Dustin Pedroia and Gonzalez. But Baltimore scored four runs in the third when starter Erik Bedard threw 51 pitches and retired just two batters. With one out, Andino singled on a 13-pitch at-bat and scored on Nick Markakis’ two-out double. Vladimir Guerrero then hit a liner to right fielder Josh Reddick who misjudged it by taking a few steps in then had it go off his glove for a two-base error as he went back, allowing Markakis to score. After walks to Matt Wieters and Adam Jones loaded the bases, Mark Reynolds hit a two-run double. The Red Sox cut the lead to 4-3 in the third on a double by Pedroia and Gonzalez’s 27th homer of the season. They went ahead with two runs in the fourth, helped by an error. With no outs, Marco Scutaro walked, Jarrod Saltalamacchia singled and Mike Aviles singled in the tying run. Jacoby Ellsbury’s single loaded the bases. After Pedroia struck out, Gonzalez grounded to first baseman Reynolds, who threw home for the force then let the return throw go off his glove. That allowed Gonzalez, who was several feet from the base when the ball got to Reynolds, to reach safely and Aviles to score the tie-breaking run. (Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.)  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 6, Red Sox 4                                                             Even Beckett Cannot Put a Halt to the Red Sox’ Slide, as Orioles Rally Late  By HOWARD BECKSEPT. 21, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        BOSTON — In a period of uncertainty and raw nerves, the Red Sox seem assured of only two reliable dynamics: Josh Beckett’s right arm and the Yankees.Beckett is the stability in an unstable pitching rotation. The Yankees are the all-purpose safety net, providing Boston a cushion in the wild-card race by repeatedly beating the Tampa Bay Rays.With Beckett on the mound Wednesday, and the Yankees playing Tampa Bay twice, it should have been a gratifying night in Boston. Instead, it was another day of conflicting emotions, and mostly anguish.The Yankees did their part, sweeping the Rays in a doubleheader in New York. But Beckett, Boston’s ace, took a misstep late in the evening and veered into the Red Sox’ vortex of despair. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      After six strong innings, Beckett gave up a two-run homer in the seventh and was charged with two more runs in the eighth as the Red Sox fell to the Baltimore Orioles, 6-4, for their 16th loss in 21 games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “The way we’ve been playing, it’s crazy,” David Ortiz said. “I’ve never seen anything like that around here since I’ve been here.”Despite their latest letdown, the Red Sox increased their lead over the Rays to two and a half games, thanks to the Yankees, who beat Tampa Bay three times over two days.“We’ve been pretty fortunate that they’re playing who they are,” Beckett said somberly.The Red Sox returned the favor Wednesday: Their loss allowed the Yankees to clinch the American League East title. The Red Sox, who began September in first place, head to Yankee Stadium this weekend for a three-game series that could determine whether they make the playoffs, or complete one of the worst collapses in baseball history.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The challenge has become more complicated. Quietly, the Los Angeles Angels have moved into the wild-card chase and trail Boston by two and a half games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Boston reasonably expected Beckett to stop its tailspin, and for a while he seemed up to the task, staking the Red Sox to a 4-2 lead after six innings. He was steady through the middle innings, at one points retiring 11 straight hitters.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The trouble began with one out in the seventh, when Mark Reynolds smacked his second towering home run of the night, a two-run shot that landed in the seats above the Green Monster and tied the score at 4-4.“Hanging curve,” Beckett said. “I got away with some pitches early, and I didn’t get away with them later on.” Photo       Nick Markakis scoring in the eighth inning as Baltimore handed Boston its 16th loss in 21 games.  Credit             Brian Snyder/Reuters           The Orioles took the lead in the eighth, when Vladimir Guerrero hit a two-run single off Alfredo Aceves. Both runs were charged to Beckett.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  So the final regular-season game of the year at Fenway ended with fans booing, then murmuring among themselves as they left the stadium. There is no telling whether the Red Sox will host another game this year.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “If I’m the fans, I would be frustrated, too,” Ortiz said. “I’ve been here what, nine years? We’ve never collapsed that bad.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    The September slump has done strange things to the Boston psyche, turning everyone into a temporary Yankees fan. In the afternoon, several players watched the Yankees and the Rays on the clubhouse television. Josh Reddick cheered Eduardo Nunez’s game-tying home run, and Ortiz exulted at Robinson Cano’s tie-breaking double — then sheepishly acknowledged the absolute weirdness of cheering for the Yankees.By the time that game ended, the Red Sox had dispersed, having turned their focus to their own challenges.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Prior to Wednesday, Boston’s starters had pitched into the sixth inning just five times in 20 games, taxing the bullpen and placing undue pressure on everyone. Manager Terry Francona conceded that some of the Red Sox’ recent miscues might be a product of players pressing.“Sometimes guys try to do too much,” said Francona, who at another point noted, “I think the one thing you need to do is fight the frustration — like, ‘Oh no, here we go again.’ I think we’ve actually done a pretty good job of that.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Red Sox showed some resiliency the last two days, overcoming early deficits only to come apart in the late innings.After Reynolds’s first homer gave Baltimore a 1-0 lead, the Red Sox rallied behind Carl Crawford. He led off the third with a triple, then tied the score on Jason Varitek’s infield grounder. An inning later, Crawford drove in two runs with a two-out double off the Green Monster.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The Red Sox continued to pummel the Baltimore starter Tommy Hunter in the fifth inning, with consecutive singles from Mike Aviles, Adrian Gonzalez and Ortiz, who drove in Boston’s fourth run.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In his postgame malaise, even Francona could not predict how his team would handle the strain in the season’s final days.“I think I can answer that better next Wednesday,” he said. “I mean, I’m not in a very good mood right now.”INSIDE PITCHKevin Youkilis and J. D. Drew could both be available Friday, Terry Francona said. ... Jon Lester will start Friday’s game, followed by Tim Wakefield on Saturday. Francona had not settled on Sunday’s starter, but he ruled out Erik Bedard, who threw 76 pitches in two and two-thirds innings Tuesday.  A version of this article appears in print on September 22, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Even Beckett Cannot Put a Halt to the Red Sox’ Slide, as Orioles Rally Late.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          YANKEES 4, RAYS 2 (1ST GAME); YANKEES 4, RAYS 2 (2ND GAME)   Yankees Beat Rays Twice and Capture A.L. East SEPT. 21, 2011         CARDINALS 6, METS 5   Alderson Approaches Mets About Citi Field Alterations SEPT. 21, 2011         ROUNDUP   Angels Move Closer in A.L. Wild-Card Hunt SEPT. 21, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Yankees 4, Rays 2 (1st Game); Yankees 4, Rays 2 (2nd Game)                                                             Doubts Gone, Yankees Take Title in East  By DAVID WALDSTEINSEPT. 21, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        After a quiet off-season in which the Yankees failed to sign the elite pitcher Cliff Lee and saw their bitter rival acquire two marquee hitters, many predicted they would finish behind the Boston Red Sox in the American League East.But with the Red Sox in the throes of a collapse, the Yankees were not only able to win the division, but they also did it with ease, brushing aside all competitors with a week remaining in the regular season.It all concluded at the tail end of a long but happy day Wednesday as the Yankees swept the Tampa Bay Rays by the scores of 4-2 in a day-night doubleheader at Yankee Stadium. Those wins, combined with the Red Sox’ 6-4 loss to the Baltimore Orioles in Boston, gave the Yankees their 12th division crown since the team’s remarkable run of success began in 1996. Photo       Jorge Posada's two-run single in the bottom of the eighth inning put the Yankees up for good.  Credit             Jim Mcisaac/Getty Images           “It’s not often that we’re considered the underdogs, but I understood it with the moves that they had made,” Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said, and then added, “But this is a special group. This is a group that knows how to win.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      It appears the Red Sox did not share in that knowledge.As the Yankees and the Rays moved into the bottom of the seventh inning of the nightcap, the giant video screen in center field flashed the score in Boston, to the delight of the 45,586 fans at Yankee Stadium.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In the last week, Red Sox fans have had a far different outlook toward the Yankees, who are in the unusual position of keeping Boston’s playoff hopes alive. The Red Sox have lost 16 out of 21 games, but they picked up a half-game in the wild-card standings over the Rays and now lead Tampa Bay and the Los Angeles Angels by two and a half games.In the last three games, the Yankees have done for Boston what Adrian Gonzalez and Carl Crawford — their marquee off-season acquisitions — could not do in the four-game series at Fenway Park last week, when the Rays won three out of four. The Yankees clobbered the Rays when it counted. Photo       Jorge Posada, who had the winning hit in the nightcap, and Mariano Rivera, who saved the opener, in a familiar Yankees scene.  Credit             Frank Franklin II/Associated Press           In the nightcap, Jorge Posada, who has been marginalized this season while his longtime teammates Mariano Rivera and Derek Jeter have been celebrated for reaching milestones, got his moment of glory. Pinch-hitting with the bases loaded and two out in the eighth, Posada lashed a two-run single to break a 2-2 tie while the fans roared their approval.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “There were times I sat him for a little bit, and I told you I still believe he’s a guy that’s going to help us,” Girardi said. “And that’s exactly what he’s done.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  After Rafael Soriano closed out the victory in the ninth, the Yankees poured out of the dugout and celebrated near the mound with hugs, high-fives and commemorative T-shirts. Once they were in the clubhouse, the plastic curtains came down over their lockers and the Champagne came out. As the Red Sox and Rays fretted, the Yankees toasted and will soon be preparing for the postseason.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s very satisfying,” Jeter said. “You can’t sit down and figure out what’s going to happen before a season starts. You have to go out there and play the games. We know how good the other teams are in our division and in baseball, but we had confidence in our own team.” Photo       Robinson Cano hit a two-run double to break a 2-2 tie in the opener and homered in Game 2. That gave him 116 runs batted in.  Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times           As in the nightcap, the Yankees used an eighth-inning rally to win the first game. Eduardo Nunez hit a leadoff home run off the starter James Shields to tie the score, 2-2, then Robinson Cano hit a two-run double, scoring Brett Gardner and Jeter.Rivera threw a perfect ninth inning for his 44th save, and with that the Yankees ensured themselves a place in the postseason for the 16th time in 17 years, barring only 2008. But they held off a Champagne celebration until clinching the division.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The only thing they were unable to clinch was C. C. Sabathia’s 20th win. Sabathia, who failed to get No. 20 in his third attempt, pitched well through seven and a third innings. Sabathia left with the bases loaded, but setup man Dave Robertson got a double-play ball from Ben Zobrist to eliminate the threat.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In the opener, the scheduled starter, Phil Hughes, was scratched with back spasms, but a group of eight relievers, including Hector Noesi, who started and went two and two-thirds innings, worked over the weak-hitting Rays, and the Yankees’ offense broke through in the eighth. Photo       Eduardo Nunez after his eighth-inning home run tied the score in the Yankees' playoff-clinching victory in Game 1.  Credit             Barton Silverman/The New York Times           As the Yankees went through their postgame line of celebratory hand slaps and congratulations, there was very little, if any, mention of the fact that they had just earned another playoff berth.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Girardi said the Yankees would try to finish with the best record in the league to ensure home-field advantage through the first two rounds of the playoffs. But he and General Manager Brian Cashman will also try to rest some players in preparation for the October games that they earned through the first 155 games of the regular season.“We’ll try to keep the pedal to the metal,” Cashman said, “but at the same time keep an eye on the assets that we have and make sure they’re ready to play at full capability when it counts in October.”And for the 16th time since 1995 for the Yankees, there will be an October.  A version of this article appears in print on September 22, 2011, on Page B12 of the New York edition with the headline: Doubts Gone, Yankees Take Title in East.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          ORIOLES 6, RED SOX 4   Orioles Rally Late as Red Sox’ Slide Continues SEPT. 21, 2011         ROUNDUP   Angels Move Closer in A.L. Wild-Card Hunt SEPT. 21, 2011                       
6    One of the criticisms of the approach immortalized in Moneyball is that what the Oakland Athletics actually did to succeed in the early 2000s had little to do with underappreciated players like Jeremy Giambi or Scott Hatteberg and everything to do with Mark Mulder, Tim Hudson, and Barry Zito. Those three pitchers, who in 2002 combined for nearly 675 innings of 3.05 ERA baseball, are given surprisingly little time in the book. This despite the A's leading the American League in ERA, and were a close second in total runs allowed, while scoring a just-above-league-average number of runs per game. "Moneyball" the critics say, "is little more than the long-known truth that great teams start with great starting pitching". Anybody who's taken it upon themselves to follow the Baltimore Orioles and their quest for relevancy knows exactly how true that critique is. Andy MacPhail, the de facto General Manager of the Orioles, has tried to rebuild the struggling franchise around that exact brand of Moneyball. He has preached patience while the O's tried to develop their own championship-caliber rotation of homegrown and cheap arms. That the MacPhail-led effort seems to be stalling out right now goes to show exactly why good starting pitching is so valuable in this game. In the next couple of years, the O's are probably staring at yet another serious rebuilding effort instead of the pennant races they imagined, and the difference is 100% the failed development of the so-called "cavalry". It was all supposed to begin with the starting pitching. Nothing is more important, and therefore nothing is more difficult to find, especially for a bad team in the toughest division in baseball. Which is how I arrived at my answer to the question "Who is the most under-appreciated Oriole ever?". Not "the" answer, but certainly mine. This is a guy that was exactly the perfect player for the Orioles, an elite starting pitcher to build around. This is a guy who gave the Orioles a discount on his first trip through free agency and then got lowballed until he walked away from the team, leaving the Orioles desperately searching for someone just like him for the next decade plus (and counting). In my sports watching lifetime, I've never seen a bigger mistake made, and I've never hated a guy more for leaving via free agency.    I'm talking about Mike Mussina, of course.   Fact: Mussina was better than Jim Palmer. He gave up fewer baserunners, struck out more batters, and had a lower ERA relative to the rest of baseball than Palmer. Moose was the best pitcher the Orioles ever had, and we should engaged in that endless argument forever: Moose or Cakes? But of course we aren't, because Mussina went to the New York Yankees after the 2000 season. That basically demolished his entire Baltimore career in a lot of eyes.    I count myself among those who felt scorned, if not personally sleighted. For the longest time I was driven by absolute hatred of Mussina. When I moved to New York State for college in 2004, I would watch his starts on YES just to root against him. He betrayed me, and I would have happy delusions of him laying awake at night regretting that choice, or of me getting some kind of personal revenge in person. You might remember the one guy who came to  Camden Yards for a Yankees game carrying a sign reading something to the effect of "Hey Mike, eight years later you're still a traitor! How's the ring fit?". That wasn't me, but it might as well have been. I ate that sign up. I wanted to buy that guy a beer in the worst way. I wanted to punch Mike Mussina in the face in the worst way.    That I ever let hatred control me like that is embarrassing. And I think the way Mussina has been ostracized by so many O's fans, and by the Orioles themselves, is more embarrassing. This is the guy who started Cal's record-breaking game. This is the guy who inspired the "Cito Sucks!" t-shirts. This is Mike Mussina, the best pitcher the Orioles ever had. We've forgotten that, because we're angry. Angry at the Yankees, angry at the unfairness of sharing a division with them, angry at the way the Orioles have been mismanaged – and that starts with the mismanagement that drove Moose out of town. And the mismanagement that has kept Moose noticeably absent from any and all Orioles alumni activities since his retirement. And that has failed to develop another pitcher like him since, well, him. Someday Mike Mussina will come back to Camden Yards and the Orioles will show the man the appreciation he deserves. I hope it's soon. In the meantime, I'll be fantasizing about getting a chance to shake his hand and let him know that I'm glad that he is, was, and always will be, one of the very best Baltimore Orioles ever.  
0      Supported by    Baseball  From Cruise Control, a Shift to Panic Mode in Boston and Atlanta  By KEN BELSONSEPT. 22, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                  if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       The Red Sox have lost 16 of 21 games, and their struggles have taken a toll on players and fans.  Credit             Elise Amendola/Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  For the Boston Red Sox, the failures of the last week have amounted to some grim theater: Josh Beckett, their best pitcher, getting beaten up by the Baltimore Orioles, who were ostensibly eliminated from meaningful competition months ago.It has not been any prettier for the Atlanta Braves. Their rock, third baseman Chipper Jones, lost a high-bouncing ball in the lights this week before Omar Infante, his former teammate who is now on the lowly Florida Marlins, hit a two-run game-winning home run off Craig Kimbrel, Atlanta’s sterling rookie reliever.Over the decades, teams falling apart during a pennant race have always made for darkly compelling viewing. Yes, watching champions spraying each other with Champagne is nice. But seeing teams — good ones, even great ones, losing night after improbable night when the games matter most — can be ghoulishly riveting.If the Red Sox and the Braves continue their descents, this September could produce two historic collapses. No team, according to the Elias Sports Bureau, has ever squandered what Boston and Atlanta are close to giving up: leads of eight or more games in the race for a spot in baseball’s postseason in the final month of the season. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “What was a dream scenario is now really a train wreck,” said Steak Shapiro, a host on 790 the Zone, an all-sports radio station in Atlanta. Photo       Recent losses to the Mets and the Marlins helped loosen what had been a tight Braves grip on the National League wild card.  Credit             Dave Tulis/Associated Press           Seamus Hill, sitting at a pub in Boston’s Brighton neighborhood, with a television playing lowlights from Wednesday night’s loss to the Orioles, said he now watched the Red Sox with what little remaining optimism he possessed. It has rarely been rewarded.“I stop watching for a few innings, but I keep coming back,” he said. “A little bit of hope, you know? But right now, I think they’re cooked.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Newspapers in Boston, at once the team’s biggest backers and bashers, are writing about the “Reeling Red Sox.” The Boston Globe dissected the recent carnage on its Web site under the banner, “Anatomy of a collapse: How did Red Sox season go off course?”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Meanwhile, many Braves and Red Sox fans have been trying to rationalize the spirals of their teams, or at least find ways not to jinx them further. Hill Peterson, who attends about a dozen home games a year, said the Braves had a few key injuries and had to rely on several rookies. Even so, he felt he might be giving the team “bad mojo,” so he will try to stay away from Turner Field for a while.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “What would sports be without choking?” he asked. “You’ve got to give people something to bite their nails about.” Photo       Boston's Darnell McDonald mishandling a fly ball hit by Josh Bell during the Red Sox' 6-5 loss to the Orioles on Monday.  Credit             Jim Rogash/Getty Images           The recent twists of fate are especially cruel in Boston. Fans thought the Red Sox had vanquished their loser label in 2004 when they won their first World Series in 86 years, in part by rallying from a three-games-to-none deficit against the hated Yankees in the American League Championship Series. For good measure, they won the World Series again in 2007.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The ghosts were supposed to be exiled, the curses broken.But if the Red Sox fail to make the playoffs, and in historic fashion, those good feelings could be washed away and a new curse may emerge for fans to suffer under. A collapse this season could even rival the horror of 1978, when the Red Sox blew a 14-game lead over the second half of the season and lost to the Yankees in a one-game playoff that turned Bucky Dent into an expletive in New England. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    The fall this time has been plenty fast and radically steep. The Red Sox have lost 16 of their last 21 games. On Sept. 1, the Red Sox were in first place in the A.L. East, a half game in front of the Yankees and nine games in front of the third-place Tampa Bay Rays. Boston’s lead over the Rays has dwindled to two games in the wild-card race, and the Los Angeles Angels are just three games behind.Compounding the anxiety, and fueling the fatalism, is the fact that the Red Sox, whose pitching failures have been at the heart of their struggles, must play this weekend in the Bronx against the Yankees, who clinched the division crown Wednesday and who have one of the most potent lineups in the game. Boston then travels to Baltimore to face the Orioles, who won three out of four games this week in Fenway Park, where the hometown fans booed the Red Sox off the field.Atlanta’s collapse has been every bit the equal of Boston’s, and the road ahead of the Braves is just as challenging. On Sept. 5, the Braves had an eight-and-a-half-game lead in the wild-card race over the St. Louis Cardinals and the San Francisco Giants, and seemed assured of making the playoffs for the second straight year. But their lead was down to two games over the Cardinals, who blew a four-run lead against the Mets on Thursday. Photo       Pitching problems have been at the center of Boston's struggles. The Red Sox play the Yankees in the Bronx this weekend.  Credit             Barry Chin/The Boston Globe           On Friday, the Braves will be at Washington and will face Stephen Strasburg, the Nationals’ pitching phenom who has made an impressive return from arm surgery. They return to Atlanta on Monday for a three-game series against the first-place Philadelphia Phillies, who would no doubt take pleasure in knocking their N.L. East rivals out of the playoff race.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Of course, the Philadelphia franchise, baseball aficionados know, actually holds the mark for one of the most precipitous pennant-race falls ever. In 1964, the Phillies blew a lead of six and a half games to the Cardinals with 12 games left. The 2007 Mets were seven games atop the N.L. East with 17 games remaining, but lost the division crown on the last day of the season.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  The wounds are still raw.“You go to the field with a good attitude, give 100 percent every day, and then, still, bam, we lost again,” said shortstop Jose Reyes, recalling the Mets’ 2007 collapse. “It’s kind of tough and hard to believe. But that’s baseball. Sometimes, a lot of bad things can happen very quick.”For fans who hang on every pitch, teams losing their grip on a playoff spot seems to happen in slow motion. Still, the slow torture has not completely extinguished what passes for faith.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Andrea Walker, a lifelong Bostonian, was distraught with the Red Sox, but continued to wear her cap defiantly Thursday.  “You have to be a real fan,” she said, “not a fan of opportunity.”Mark Foster, a longtime Braves fan from Roswell, Ga., said he had not given up yet. But recent losses to the sub-.500 Marlins and Mets were distressing. He will show up to the last home games of the season.“I’m an optimist, I think we can do it,” he said. “But I’m not going to lie and say I’m not scared.”  Jess Bidgood contributed reporting from Boston, Robbie Brown from Atlanta and Andrew Keh from St. Louis.   A version of this article appears in print on September 23, 2011, on Page A1 of the New York edition with the headline: From Cruise Control, a Shift to Panic Mode in Boston and Atlanta.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage        graphic     Closing the Gaps SEPT. 22, 2011           graphic     Wheezing Into October SEPT. 23, 2011         KEEPING SCORE   Keeping Score: September Swoon Torments Red Sox SEPT. 22, 2011                                   
3 View photosBoston Red Sox starting pitcher Josh Beckett delivers to the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game at Fenway Park in Boston, Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2011. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola)MoreBOSTON (AP) — Take that big payroll, Red Sox.For the second straight night, the last-place Baltimore Orioles rallied for a comeback win over the wild-card leading Red Sox, posting a 6-4 victory on Wednesday night.Vladimir Guerrero had a tie-breaking two-run single to lift the Orioles to their third win in the four-game series, sending Boston to its 16th loss in 21 games this month.During spring training, Baltimore manager Buck Showalter was critical in a magazine article of Red Sox GM Theo Epstein's ability to use a large payroll.On Wednesday, Baltimore's clubhouse was filled with music and happiness after beating the Red Sox again, but the players and Showalter wouldn't say that it was special to beat Boston."Just personally for us," Showalter said when asked if it meant more to do it against the Red Sox. "It doesn't matter with anybody else. I'm real proud of the guys."Tommy Hunter pitched effectively into the seventh inning and Mark Reynolds belted his 35th and 36th homers, the second tying the game at 4 in the seventh."We know the end is near and we're fighting right to the end," Orioles center fielder Adam Jones said. "I think we like to be in this situation. Everybody the last month has been working their tails off."Baltimore's strong play has affected the wild-card chase the past 10 games. The Orioles took two of three from both Tampa Bay and Los Angeles at home before coming to Boston. The Red Sox and Orioles meet for the final three games of the regular season in Camden Yards next week."This is a good baseball team. The guys are playing hard everyday," said Hunter, who also wouldn't say if it meant more to beat the Red Sox when asked. "We're playing good baseball. It's going to be fun, especially if we finish the year like this. It's going to be fun next year."Boston's wild-card lead is 2 1/2 games over both the Rays and Angels. Tampa Bay was swept in a doubleheader in New York against the Yankees on Wednesday, and Los Angeles beat Toronto, 7-2.Hunter pitched 6 2-3 innings, allowing nine hits, four runs, walking one and striking out four before leaving with a strained groin.Ace Josh Beckett took the mound, hoping to put some distance between Boston and the Rays. Beckett (13-6) allowed just one hit through five innings as the Red Sox built a 4-1 lead.But Beckett allowed a run in the sixth and two more in the seventh on Reynolds' second homer that tied the game.In the eighth, Beckett gave up a single to J.J. Hardy and a double by Nick Markakis. Alfredo Aceves relieved with runners at second and third, then gave up Guerrero's hard, two-run single to center field.One night before Boston's best starter faltered, star closer Jonathan Papelbon blew a save chance for only the second time this season when he gave up a three-run double to Robert Andino in the eighth that gave Baltimore a 7-5 win.The Boston collapse has come after it led Tampa Bay by nine games on Sept. 3.The Red Sox have six games left, all on the road — three at Yankee Stadium and three at Baltimore. Tampa Bay has seven remaining — four against the Yankees and three against Toronto.Clay Rapada (2-0) got the win and Jim Johnson earned his ninth save in 14 chances — his third in as many days against Boston. He pitched a perfect ninth and, after Jed Lowrie made the final out on a soft grounder to Johnson, the fans booed.Carl Crawford had a single, double and triple for Boston and drove in two runs.Reynolds hit a solo homer in the second before Boston tied the game in the third on a triple by Crawford and an RBI groundout by Jason Varitek.Crawford gave the Red Sox a 3-1 lead in the fourth with a two-run double after a single by Adrian Gonzalez and a double by Dustin Pedroia. Consecutive singles by Mike Aviles, Gonzalez and David Ortiz made it 4-1 in the fifth against Hunter.The Orioles added a run in the sixth when Andino singled, stole second and scored on a single by Hardy. They tied it in the seventh when Matt Wieters singled and was forced out at second on a grounder by Adam Jones before Reynolds hit his 36th homer of the season — his second of the game over the Green Monster in left field.NOTES: Reynolds tied a career high with two homers in a game. It was the fifth time he did it this season and the 12th time in his career. ... After a day off on Thursday, the Red Sox begin a season-ending six-game road trip with Jon Lester (15-8) facing the New York Yankees in the opener of a three-game series on Friday night. Boston finishes the season with a three-game series in Baltimore starting Monday. ... With two hits, Gonzalez passed Mo Vaughn for the most hits in a season by a Red Sox first baseman. Gonzalez has 208, one more than Vaughn had in 1996. ... Jacoby Ellsbury got a hit for his 33rd consecutive game against Baltimore. It's the longest hitting streak against the Orioles franchise and the longest by a Red Sox player against any team. 
3 View photosBoston Red Sox starting pitcher Josh Beckett delivers to the Baltimore Orioles in the first inning of a baseball game at Fenway Park in Boston, Wednesday, Sept. 21, 2011. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola)MoreBOSTON (AP) — Boos poured down on the struggling Red Sox as they left the field after their latest loss. In the clubhouse, it was quiet as they packed for their final road trip — and perhaps their last games — of the year.The Red Sox road to the playoffs hit more rough spots when they blew another late lead, falling to the Baltimore Orioles 6-4 on Wednesday night, their 14th loss in 18 games.Boston's lead in the AL wild-card race increased by a half game to 2½ when the Tampa Bay Rays lost a doubleheader to the New York Yankees. But the Red Sox seemed stunned by their collapse, with blank looks on their faces and little expression in their voices."We certainly haven't made it very easy for ourselves," manager Terry Francona said. "That doesn't mean we can't get where we want to go, but we have our work cut out for us."Vladimir Guerrero hit a two-run single in the eighth inning that broke a 4-all tie. Then the Red Sox went meekly in the last two innings, failing to get a hit and ending on Jed Lowrie's soft grounder to pitcher Jim Johnson.The Red Sox led Tampa Bay by nine games on Sept. 3. Now they also must hold off the Los Angeles Angels, who also are 2½ games out in the AL wild-card race after beating Toronto 7-2 on Wednesday.The Red Sox have six games left — three at Yankee Stadium and three at Baltimore. Tampa Bay has seven remaining — four against the Yankees and three against Toronto.Can the Red Sox, who straightened out their season after losing their first six games and 10 of their first 12, do it again?"I think I can answer that better next Wednesday" after the regular-season finale, Francona said. "I'm not in a very good mood right now. We just lost a game, you know. We've lost a lot of games. We're going to have to fight for everything we get the rest of the way."Ace Josh Beckett started for Boston, hoping to put more distance between Boston and the Rays. Beckett (13-6) allowed just one hit through five innings as the Red Sox built a 4-1 lead.But he gave up a run in the sixth and two more in the seventh on Mark Reynolds' second homer that tied the game."I kept thinking when we kept it at 4-2, I thought we could get a big hit and we did," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said.In the eighth, Beckett gave up a single to J.J. Hardy and a double to Nick Markakis. Alfredo Aceves relieved with runners at second and third, then gave up Guerrero's hard, two-run single to center field."You want to pitch good all year long, but especially whenever your team needs you," Beckett said. "You need to give them innings and quality innings and that was something I wasn't able to do."One night before Boston's best starter faltered, star closer Jonathan Papelbon blew a save chance for only the second time this season when he gave up a three-run double to Robert Andino in the eighth that gave Baltimore a 7-5 win.Clay Rapada (2-0) got the win on Wednesday and Johnson earned his ninth save in 14 chances — his third in as many days against Boston."It's pretty tough," Beckett said. "I wish I could have done better today. Things didn't work out. I got away with some pitches early and I didn't get away with them later on."Carl Crawford, who has struggled most of the season after signing a seven-year, $142 million contract, had a single, double and triple for Boston and drove in two runs."That'll be welcome if he wants to get real hot like he can," Francona said. "That'll really help us."Reynolds hit a solo homer in the second before Boston tied the game in the third on a triple by Crawford and an RBI groundout by Jason Varitek.Crawford gave the Red Sox a 3-1 lead in the fourth with a two-run double after a single by Adrian Gonzalez and a double by Dustin Pedroia. Consecutive singles by Mike Aviles, Gonzalez and David Ortiz made it 4-1 in the fifth against Tommy Hunter, who left the game with two outs in the seventh with a strained right groin."It got pretty tight," Hunter said. "It's one of those things that's been lingering all year. I'm glad I didn't throw another pitch."The Orioles added a run in the sixth when Andino singled, stole second and scored on a single by Hardy. They tied it in the seventh when Matt Wieters singled and was forced out at second on a grounder by Adam Jones before Reynolds hit his 36th homer of the season — his second of the game over the Green Monster in left field."It's pretty tough," Beckett said. "I wish I could have done better today. Things didn't work out."NOTES: Reynolds tied a career-high with two homers in a game. It was the fifth time he did it this season and the 12th time in his career. ... After a day off on Thursday, the Red Sox begin a season-ending six-game road trip with Jon Lester (15-8) facing the New York Yankees in the opener of a three-game series on Friday night. Boston finishes the season with a three-game series in Baltimore starting Monday. ... With two hits, Gonzalez passed Mo Vaughn for the most hits in a season by a Red Sox first baseman. Gonzalez has 208, one more than Vaughn had in 1996. ... Jacoby Ellsbury got a hit for his 33rd consecutive game against Baltimore. It's the longest hitting streak against the Orioles franchise and the longest by a Red Sox player against any team. 
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles' Adam Jones is congratulated in the dugout after his home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers in Detroit, Thursday, Sept. 22, 2011. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)MoreDETROIT (AP) — Thursday night was supposed to be a celebration for the Detroit Tigers.J.J. Hardy stole the show.Hardy homered, scored twice and had 10 assists at shortstop as the Baltimore Orioles ruined the Tigers' homecoming with a 6-5 victory."J.J. Hardy put on a clinic tonight," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "It is hard to imagine a shortstop playing at a higher (level) than he is."Although Adam Jones didn't put on quite as much of a defensive show as Hardy, he did more than his fair share in the victory. Jones also homered and scored twice, plus he threw out Miguel Cabrera at the plate in the second inning."When a guy gets on second, I'll usually give them a wave to let them know I'm out there," he said. "Miguel wanted to score, and I wanted to prevent it."Showalter thought Matt Wieters deserved some of the credit for hanging in to put the tag on Cabrera, who didn't slide on the play."Let's think about the intestinal fortitude it takes to have Cabrera bearing down on you and he's down there on one knee," Showalter said.Back home from a road trip during which they clinched their first division title since 1987, were given a standing ovation when they took the field for the first inning. The crowd of 28,847, though, was the smallest at Comerica Park since June 29.Detroit is trying to stay ahead of Texas for the second best record in the American League, which would allow them to host Boston in the first round instead of going to New York."We're out here to win games," Tigers manager Jim Leyland said. "We want to stay ahead of Texas, because if there's going to be a Game 5, we want it in front of our fans."Baltimore starter Zach Britton (11-10) got the win despite blowing the 5-0 lead his teammates had built against Turner. Britton gave up five runs, six hits and four walks in five innings."I didn't remember that I had a five-run lead, and I didn't stay aggressive," Britton said. "I didn't really factor into this win — I couldn't hold the lead, but they happened to get that sixth run."Vladimir Guerrero's RBI single scored Hardy in the first, and Hardy's 29th homer made it 2-0 in the third.Detroit tied the game with four runs in the fifth, including a long three-run homer by Delmon Young, but Baltimore went back up in the sixth when Reimold beat out a two-out infield single off David Pauley (5-6).Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 21st save.With the Tigers juggling their rotation to get things into place for the postseason, Jacob Turner found himself making his third career start. Turner lasted just three-plus innings, allowing five runs and seven hits, including long homers by Hardy and Jones."That wasn't fair to Jacob, but it was something we felt we had to do to get our pitching staff set up," Leyland said. "That's a start that I'm going to discard right away. He was obviously rusty, and there was no way around it. We got home at three in the morning, and the Orioles are playing well. Give them credit."Matt Wieters started the fourth with a single off Turner, and Jones gave the Orioles a 4-0 lead with his 24th homer. A walk and an error ended Turner's night, and Reimold brought home Baltimore's fifth run with a sacrifice fly.The Tigers got on the board in the bottom of the fourth when Victor Martinez grounded into a double play with runners on the corners.In the eighth, Miguel Cabrera got to third base, but Pedro Strop struck out Ryan Raburn to end the inning.NOTES: Tigers TV announcers Mario Impemba and Rod Allen broadcast the game from the front row behind home plate. Two extremely wild pitches by Britton nearly hit them — one on the fly and one after bouncing well in front of the plate. ... The teams continue the four-game series on Friday with Baltimore's Alfredo Simon (4-9) facing Detroit's Rick Porcello (14-9). Porcello is also expected to start Detroit's final game of the regular season and Game 4 of the ALDS, if necessary. ... Tigers manager Jim Leyland confirmed before the game that Justin Verlander, Doug Fister and Max Scherzer would start the first three games of the postseason, and that Verlander would not pitch on short rest in a fourth game, even if Detroit were facing elimination. 
0      Supported by    Baseball  It Still Adds Up to a Magical Season    On Baseball  By                       TYLER KEPNER   SEPT. 24, 2011     Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }        DETROITThe numbers last forever, whatever they really mean. Their permanence is why, decades later, Jim Palmer will gently correct a visitor to his broadcast booth who misstates the number of times he won 20 games. It happened eight times, Palmer said, not seven, and of course, he is right. It is all there in neat lines of type on baseball cards and Web sites.Palmer was at Comerica Park to call the Baltimore Orioles’ game against the Detroit Tigers, champions of the American League Central. The Tigers are trying to secure home-field advantage for their division series, but the story was their ace, Justin Verlander, and his quest for a memorable statistic.Twenty-five and five. With a win Saturday, that would have been Verlander’s 2011 record. Others have been better — think Ron Guidry, 1978 — but only one pitcher has ever been precisely 25-5: Sandy Koufax in 1963. That season ended with Koufax leaping off the mound after his Los Angeles Dodgers swept the World Series.Verlander could not do it. He allowed five runs in seven innings and had no decision in a 6-5 loss. The rookie Matt Angle, who was hitting .174, led off with his first career homer, and drew a two-out walk in the second to set up a three-run rally. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      Mark Reynolds homered in the third, but after that Verlander was sharp. There was nothing to concern him for the playoffs.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It’s just kind of a case of being little bit out of sync early, not executing my pitches, a little bit up in the zone,” Verlander said. “Easy fixes.”Verlander allowed eight hits and a walk, striking out six to push his league-leading total to 250. He kept his A.L. lead in earned run average (2.40), one point better than Jered Weaver of the Angels.Weaver could make one more start, but Verlander’s next outing will be Game 1 of the division series on Friday, possibly against the Yankees. Everything resets now.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I’m not so sure that this isn’t a good thing,” Manager Jim Leyland said. “That’s over with, it’s his last regular-season start, get him ready for his first playoff game and move on.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Verlander still has not lost since July 15. He won his next 12 starts after that loss, matching the longest streak since Ellis Kinder of the Boston Red Sox won 13 straight in 1949. The last pitcher to win 12 consecutive starts before Verlander was Johan Santana in 2004. Photo       Justin Verlander in his final regular-season start got a no-decision to finish 24-5.  Credit             Jeff Kowalsky/Reuters           “He’s plus all the way across the board,” Palmer said of Verlander. “Command’s plus, athleticism is plus, curveball’s plus, changeup’s plus, two-seamer’s plus, four-seamer’s plus. There’s some guys who are close to that, but it’s a perfect storm for a hitter.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Winning 25 is rare in these days of the five-man rotation. The last pitcher to win 25 was Bob Welch of Oakland, who was 27-6 in 1990. Before Welch was Steve Stone, an Orioles teammate of Palmer, who went 25-7 in 1980.Welch and Stone won the A.L. Cy Young Award, but neither approached 20 victories in any other season. This was Verlander’s first season with 20, but it may not be his last. He is 28 years old, and driven. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “He took February and March as if it was April,” Brad Penny, the veteran Tigers starter, said. “He told me that he had had slow Aprils for most of his career, and what I saw in spring training is what he’s been doing throughout the whole season. I honestly can’t tell you one or two times that his stuff’s been different. It’s always been dominating stuff — all of his pitches are as good as he throws them. He’s consistently better than anyone I’ve ever played with.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Penny has played with Josh Beckett, Tim Lincecum, Chris Carpenter and Adam Wainwright, among others.On Saturday, Palmer chatted about Verlander with Al Kaline, the Tigers Hall of Famer. They compared him to J.R. Richard and Nolan Ryan, right-handers who defined power pitching in the 1970s. As great as Ryan was, Palmer said, Verlander is better, because of his changeup and control of the running game.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Verlander was the A.L. Rookie of the Year for the Tigers’ World Series team in 2006. In three of his next four seasons, he earned at least 18 victories. This season, he jumped from an ace to a possible A.L. Most Valuable Player. Starting with his no-hitter on May 7 in Toronto, Verlander was 22-2.“You don’t ever set expectations, goals; you never know what can happen,” Verlander said. “This is what I’ve always envisioned.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  At his best, Verlander keeps most fastballs at 92 to 94 miles an hour, saving the harder stuff for when he most needs a strikeout: say, runner on third, less than two out. The goal is to induce weak contact and keep a low pitch count, so he can stay strong late.His fastest pitch Saturday came in his final inning: 100 m.p.h. on a foul ball by J.J. Hardy, who made the final out of Verlander’s first no-hitter, in 2007. Hardy found more success Saturday, with a two-run single after Angle’s walk that helped spoil Verlander’s night.But all that really happened is that Verlander now knows his final record for a magical regular season: 24-5. It does not have the ring of 25-5, but the most important games are still to come.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “I feel like I put it together pretty good this year,” Verlander said. “The numbers ended up pretty good. Hopefully I’ve got another five or six starts ahead of me.”  A version of this article appears in print on September 25, 2011, on Page SP4 of the New York edition with the headline: It Still Adds Up to a Magical Season.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          SPORTS OF THE TIMES   Mr. Young, Mr. Ryan, Mr. Rivera Will Be Joining You SEPT. 24, 2011         YANKEES 9, RED SOX 1   Yankees’ Rout Kicks the Red Sox When They Are Down SEPT. 24, 2011             CHEERING SECTION   Die-Hard Red Sox Fans Are Enjoying Their Misery SEPT. 24, 2011             METS 2, PHILLIES 1 (FIRST GAME), METS 6, PHILLIES 3 (SECOND GAME)   Dickey Takes No-Hit Bid Into 7th Inning SEPT. 24, 2011                           On Baseball A regular analytical column looking at major league baseball.                                          Seeing Noah Syndergaard’s Injury Coming at 100 M.P.H.             MAY 1                                         In Early Going, the Yankees Steal the Mets’ Thunder             APR 28                                         Homer-Hitting Mets Can Blast, but Fail to Bloop             APR 23                                         Daniel Murphy’s Keen Eye Bolsters a Nationals Pillar             APR 21                                         As Pirates’ Starling Marte Begins Suspension, Mets’ Jeurys Familia Returns             APR 19       See More »       
3 View photosBaltimore Orioles second baseman Robert Andino, top, avoids Detroit Tigers' Alex Avila (13) after turning the ball to make a double play on Detroit's Jhonny Peralta at first base in the seventh inning of a baseball game on Friday, Sept. 23, 2011, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson)MoreDETROIT (AP) — Alfredo Simon thought he had made a perfect pitch to Miguel Cabrera.More than 400 feet later, he was starting to wonder.In the first inning Friday night Simon threw a fastball in on Cabrera's hands and was amazed when it ended up deep in the stands in left field."I had just thrown a breaking ball for a strike, so I wanted to come inside with a fastball," Simon said. "I put it right where I wanted it, and he still hit it that far. I don't know how he even hit the ball, much less hit it like that. I guess that's why he's the best hitter in baseball."The homer was the only major mistake Simon made, but he was done for the night when the Tigers beat the Orioles 4-3 in 11 innings.Simon pitched eight innings, allowing three runs and six hits."This game speaks very well for Alfredo, because he did this against a great lineup," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "I just need to see him do it on a more consistent basis."Baltimore's offense couldn't do enough to win the game. After scoring three runs in the first three innings, the Orioles didn't score again."We did some early damage off (Rick) Porcello, but then nothing," Showalter said. "He settled down, and that team has a lot of weapons in its bullpen."Brandon Inge started the 11th inning with a walk off Willie Eyre (2-2), and Cabrera hit a one-out single. Rookie Zach Phillips came on to face Victor Martinez and gave up a game-ending double on his third pitch."That's why they pay Miguel and Victor the big bucks," Showalter said. "We had them both 0-2, and couldn't put them away, but they've made a living hitting pitches that weren't in the strike zone."Porcello allowed three runs, nine hits and a walk in seven innings. Ryan Perry (1-0) got the win with a scoreless 11th.Detroit tied the game at 3 in the fifth when Jhonny Peralta led off with a double and scored on Ramon Santiago's second single of the game.The Tigers threatened in the ninth. Cabrera singled off Jim Johnson with one out. After a groundout moved Cabrera to second, Alex Avila was intentionally walked. Johnson got Peralta on a called third strike to send the game to extra innings.The Orioles took a 1-0 lead in the first on Vladimir Guerrero's RBI double, but the Tigers came back in the bottom of the inning on Cabrera's 27th long homer.Cabrera became the first Tiger since 1961 to reach triple figures in runs, RBIs and walks, but Tigers manager Jim Leyland wasn't about to get drawn into the MVP race that includes him and Justin Verlander."I don't want a boxing match between him and Verlander in the next couple days," he said. "Cabrera's terrific. He's a star. There is absolutely no question about that."Baltimore got two runs in the third. Robert Andino and J.J. Hardy led off the inning with infield singles and moved up on a wild pitch. Nick Markakis tied the game with a sacrifice fly, and Matt Wieters put the Orioles ahead with an RBI single.NOTES: The four-game series continues Saturday night with Verlander (24-5) going for his 13th straight win in his final regular-season start against Baltimore's Jeremy Guthrie (9-17). ... Leyland said before the game that, while he will not start Verlander on short rest in a first-round series, he might consider it in the ALCS or World Series. ... Tigers 3B Wilson Betemit (knee) was originally scheduled to start on Friday, but Leyland decided against it because of the cold, damp conditions. ... Detroit's Joaquin Benoit hasn't allowed a run in his last 20 appearances, spanning 20 2-3 innings. ... Cabrera widened his gap over Martinez in their friendly RBI race. His two-run homer gave him 100 on the season, while Martinez's game-winning hit put him at 98. 
6  The Orioles notched their 67th victory tonight, one more than last year's total, in a game that was bookended by unlikely events involving Matt Angle. He opened up the top of the first inning with a leadoff home run off of Cy Young contender Justin Verlander. The home run was the first of Angle's career. Not bad for a rookie getting his first taste of the big leagues. The O's jumped out to a 5-0 lead but it came back to be tied and it was in the top of the 9th where Angle was again involved. Speedster Kyle Hudson worked his way from first to third on a single wild pitch and then came the suicide squeeze. Hudson took off on a pitch, Angle dropped the bunt where it needed to be and the run scored, making it 6-5 Orioles. This was the final score. It wasn't the best of nights for Verlander, who entered with a 2.29 ERA and left with a 2.40 ERA. That reflects the five runs he gave up over seven innings. The damage all came for him in the first three innings. Angle lead off with the homer and the Orioles nickel-and-dimed Verlander for three runs off of four singles and a walk in the second inning. The walk was issued to Angle. Verlander wanted no part of the powerhouse after the home run. Mark Reynolds delivered another of the promised home runs, his 37th of the year, and after that Verlander shut them down, retiring twelve Orioles in a row at one point. Still, the damage was done. Staked to the lead of five runs, Jeremy Guthrie did not have his best start, but it was still enough. First he gave up a leadoff walk to Ryan Raburn (.291 OBP) in the 4th. Raburn eventually scored on an Austin Jackson single. A couple of sharp hits to start the 5th by Miguel Cabrera (single) and Victor Martinez (ground rule double) gave Detroit second and third with one down. An RBI groundout followed by an RBI sac fly gave the Tigers two runs but ended the threat. He gave up a solo home run to Miguel Cabrera, which was the best-hit ball off of him of the night. That was all over six innings. Not the best Guthrie start, but not the worst. Barring something unusual it's his final appearance of the year. He will close the book with a 4.33 ERA over 211 innings. Because it was Guthrie, of course he could not get the win when he left with a one-run lead.    The Honey Badger, Pedro Strop, came on in relief after Guthrie allowed a single to start the 7th, but three ground balls later and that threat was over. Buck left Strop out for a second inning. Strop got the first two outs but a runner made it to second base in the process. That meant there was a man in scoring position for Jhonny Peralta, who brought in the tying run with a single to left. Guthrie was stuck with a no-decision. The run was the first one allowed by Strop since coming to the O's. He's now thrown 10.2 IP with just the one earned run. A much more palatable ratio than someone like Kevin Gregg. Speaking of Gregg, he pitched the 9th inning. This was frustrating, but he did not suck tonight. He did not walk anyone and only gave up one base hit. The tying run never even made it into scoring position. The save was the 22nd of the year for Gregg. Let's not talk about the blown saves. We're just lucky to get this win. The O's had ten hits on the night, with multi-hit games from Nick Markakis and Chris Davis. Vladimir Guerrero had a base hit in the first inning to get his little tie with Julio Franco for the all-time hits lead for a player from the Dominican Republic. With one more hit he will have the sole lead. That will be 2,586 career hits, the 81st most on baseball's career list. He did not get on base again.    Fortunately for the Tigers, they will get to feast on Brian Matusz in tomorrow afternoon's game. They're sending out their weakest pitcher in Brad Penny, but it doesn't matter. Anyone is better than Matusz at this point. They will have a chance to get back the game they lost to Texas. Who would have ever thought we'd end this year with more wins than last year? Does it mean anything? Probably not. Too many things have gone wrong to feel too good. But enough has gone better than it looked that we can feel at least a tiny bit good. In a lost cause there can still be some glory - and Matt Angle being the star of the show against Verlander is why it's still fun to watch meaningless September baseball games.  
3 View photosDetroit Tigers' Austin Jackson, bottom, is tagged out at home plate by Baltimore Orioles catcher Craig Tatum while trying to score from first base on a throwing error by Orioles third baseman Chris Davis in the first inning of a baseball game on Sunday, Sept. 25, 2011, at Comerica Park in Detroit. (AP Photo/Lon Horwedel)MoreDETROIT (AP) — Brian Matusz is in line to break a record held by Roy Halladay — but it's not a very flattering one.Matusz gave up six runs and seven hits in five innings Sunday in Baltimore's 10-6 loss to the Detroit Tigers. Assuming he doesn't pitch again, he'll finish the year with a 10.69 ERA, a record high for a pitcher with at least 40 innings in a season.Halladay had a 10.64 ERA for Toronto in 2000, according to STATS, LLC."I'm going to have a lot of motivation going into this winter, because I'm never going to forget what this has felt like," Matusz said. "I've got a lot of mistakes to learn from."Matusz (1-9) allowed a first-inning homer to Miguel Cabrera, who kept the pressure on in his push for the American League batting title. Cabrera left the game with lightheadedness after lining out to left field in the seventh inning. Detroit manager Jim Leyland didn't seem concerned about his slugger."He got dizzy," Leyland said. "I just didn't want to take any chances."Cabrera began the day one point behind Boston's Adrian Gonzalez, but raised his average from .339 to .341.Brad Penny (11-11) allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1-3 innings for the win.Matusz went 10-12 last year and was showing promise, but this was only his 12th start of 2011. He had a wart removed from the middle finger of his pitching hand in early March, got hit hard later in spring training and later was struck by a line drive during a simulated game.Set to start the second game of the regular season, Matusz was instead scratched and put on the disabled list because of a strained rib cage muscle on his left side.Matusz came off the disabled list and made an impressive season debut on June 1, holding Seattle to one run and four hits in 5 2-3 innings in a no-decision. He won his next start, but hasn't since.The Orioles sent Matusz to Triple-A in late June. He came back from the minors in mid-August."It's a work in progress, but I fully expect him to be a very good option for us next season," Baltimore manager Buck Showalter said. "Once he gets back the command of the fastball, it is going to open up a lot of things for him."The Tigers have clinched the AL Central and are now playing largely for playoff position and individual honors. Cabrera hit a two-run shot in the first inning, his 29th home run of the year, and Victor Martinez, Don Kelly and Jhonny Peralta added homers for Detroit.After Cabrera gave Detroit a 2-0 lead, Delmon Young hit an RBI single in the third to make it 3-0.Baltimore scored three runs in the fifth to tie it. Pedro Florimon Jr. drove in two of them with a double, his first career hit.Detroit rallied back. After Cabrera hit a two-out single in the bottom of the inning, Martinez followed with a three-run homer to make it 6-3. Kelly added a three-run shot an inning later.Nolan Reimold hit a three-run homer in the eighth for the Orioles — an estimated 434 feet to left-center — to make it 9-6. Peralta's solo shot in the bottom half gave Detroit another insurance run.The Tigers are 27-9 since Aug. 19 and have pulled away from the rest of the AL Central. They are now hoping to secure home-field advantage in the first round of the postseason.NOTES: Leyland said second baseman Carlos Guillen (strained right calf) isn't ready to return yet. ... Detroit's Magglio Ordonez extended his hitting streak to 17 games with a third-inning single. ... Baltimore's Vladimir Guerrero went 0 for 4 and remained tied with Julio Franco for the career lead in hits by a Dominican-born player. Both have 2,586. ... The Tigers will send Doug Fister (10-13) to the mound Monday night against Cleveland's Ubaldo Jimenez (4-3) to begin the final series of the regular season. ... Baltimore hosts Boston for three games. The Orioles will send Tommy Hunter (4-4) to the mound Monday night to face Josh Beckett (13-6). 
3 View photosDetroit Tigers starter Justin Verlander pitches against the Baltimore Orioles in the second inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 24, 2011, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson)MoreDETROIT (AP) — There were 44,846 fans at Comerica Park on Saturday night, and almost all of them came to see Justin Verlander make history.Instead, a light-hitting Baltimore Orioles rookie stole the show.Matt Angle led off the game with his first major league home run, then executed a tiebreaking squeeze bunt in the ninth inning to help the Orioles end Verlander's 12-start winning streak with a 6-5 victory."This was a good night, filled with a lot of firsts," said Angle, who also took a shaving-cream pie to the face during a postgame interview. "I'm going to remember this for a long time."Chris Davis started the ninth with a single off Daniel Schlereth (2-2). Kyle Hudson ran for him and went from first to third on a wild pitch that struck out Robert Andino. Angle then laid down a perfect squeeze to put the Orioles in front.Managers Jim Leyland and Buck Showalter that the winning play came down to one veteran manager outguessing the other one."Jimmy's done that to me a million times, which is why he's one of the best managers in the game," Showalter said. "We were lucky. Very lucky."Leyland said he thought Showalter would try the squeeze, but didn't know when."I suspected it might be coming but, obviously, I didn't guess the right pitch," he said.Verlander was bidding to become the first pitcher to win 13 starts in a row since Ellis Kinder of the Boston Red Sox in 1949, according to STATS LLC. The major league record of 21 was set by the Philadelphia Athletics' Lefty Grove in 1931.Verlander broke the previous Tigers record of wins in 11 straight starts, shared by Earl Whitehill (1930) and Hal Newhouser (1946)."I haven't been paying too much attention to the streak, except when people ask me about it," he said. "So I'm not worried that it is gone, and I don't care that I didn't get the loss tonight. We lost. That's all that matters."The Tigers also fell a game back of AL West champion Texas in the race for the league's second seed.The Orioles scored five times in the first three innings. J.J. Hardy hit a two-run single in Baltimore's three-run second and Mark Reynolds added his 37th homer in the third inning."He's human, but it isn't exactly like we opened him up," Showalter said of Verlander. "There aren't many pitches coming out of his hand that are easy to hit."Verlander's next start will come in Game 1 of the AL division series."I wasn't executing my pitches, so I was falling behind guys and they were taking advantage," he said. "Hopefully, I'm going to have five or six more starts this season, and this one won't have mattered."Pedro Strop (2-1) picked up the win, and Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth for his 22nd save.The Orioles almost had an even bigger start, but Austin Jackson made a spectacular over-the-shoulder basket catch to rob Adam Jones of extra bases in the second.Leyland compared it to the most famous catch in baseball history — Willie Mays' grab in the 1954 World Series."If you are a baseball fan, you've been seeing a catch like that one for the last 50 or 60 years — Willie's catch," he said. "This one doesn't take second place to that one or anything else. That was just an unbelievable catch."Jackson hit an RBI single in the third, and Detroit added two more in the fourth. Alex Avila drove in Miguel Cabrera with a groundout, and Jhonny Peralta added a sacrifice fly.Cabrera hit his 28th homer in the sixth and Peralta added a tying RBI single against Strop in the eighth, giving Verlander a no-decision.NOTES: Verlander has gone at least six innings in 42 straight starts, including all 34 this year. That's the longest streak for a Tiger since at least 1919, passing Hal Newhouser's streak of 41 in 1944-45. ... The game drew the biggest crowd of the season. ... The series finale on Sunday matches Detroit's Brad Penny (10-11) against Baltimore's Brian Matusz (1-8). Matusz enters with a 10.68 ERA, the worst in history by any starter with 10 or more starts. He would have to pitch 6 2-3 shutout innings to avoid breaking Edgar Gonzalez's record of 9.32 in 2004. ... Baltimore slugger Vladimir Guerrero picked up his 2,586th career hit, tying Julio Franco for the most by a Dominican player. 
6  The Orioles today sent Brian Matusz to the mound, a decision thought by many to be awful. Buck Showalter spoke of giving Matusz a confidence boost to end the season, but for the doubters out there it seemed the only possible outcome was another kick in the ribs to Matusz, whose season has been the most brutal for a starting pitcher that I've ever seen.  In an effort to give Matusz this so-called confidence boost, Showalter put out a lineup so putrid I can hardly believe that it found its way into a major-league baseball game to support him. Of the nine players in the lineup, only two of them (Vladimir Guerrero and Robert Andino) have played in over 100 games this season. Six of them have played in 30 or less games for the Orioles this season. And the ninth player, Nolan Reimold, has played in 84 games (but only 73 starts).  In short, there was a hole lot of crazy going on for the Orioles in today's game. Let's start with Matusz, who I believe never should have been given the ball today.  In the first inning, Matusz only threw fifteen pitches but gave up a two-run homer to Miguel Cabrera. His fastball was hitting 91-92 regularly, and while it sucks to give up a homer to Cabrera, he has hit 275 (make that 276 after his blast against Matusz) in his nine-year career.     Matusz threw twelve pitches in the second inning and retired the side in order, but he couldn't keep the good work up the third. He walked the first batter in the second inning, then allowed two one-out singles, the second of which knocked in the third run of the day. Cabrera walked after that, but Victor Martinez bailed Matusz out with double play ball.     The Tigers didn't score in the fourth inning, but Matusz did walk another batter, making it three walks in an eight-batter span. Matusz entered the fifth inning with a precarious hold on what could be called a relatively respectable outing. Two singles and a home run from Victor Martinez later and the game was entirely different, as Matusz had once again given up more runs than innings pitched. He completed five innings for the sixth time this season and the first time since August 28th, when he also gave up six runs. I'd imagine today was quite the confidence booster.  No matter what is wrong with Brian Matusz, what caused his troubles, and whatever he's having trouble fixing, it is beyond my capacity to understand how throwing him to the wolves today and last week against the Red Sox could do any good at all. None of us can know Matusz's mental state right now, but we do know that this is the first time in his baseball career that he has struggled like this, and that has to get into his head. Why put him into a position where he will almost surely fail?     But, as the title states, Matusz was just one of two misused players today. The other is Nolan Reimold. With the Orioles down 9-3 in the 8th inning, Reimold came to the plate with two runners on and hit his 13th home run of the year.  Back when the Orioles signed Vladimir Guerrero to his one-year, $8 million contract, a concern among many is what would happen to Reimold as a result. Well, today Reimold matched Vlad's home run total in just about half as many plate appearances. He has a higher slugging % and a higher on-base % than Vlad, he's a decade younger than Vlad, he makes about $400K per year, and numbers (both major and minor league) suggest he should get a chance. But he can't get regular playing time to save his life.  The Orioles are having a pretty good run to end the season, but today's game was a little glimpse into part of what is wrong with the team. They start a big series with Boston (big for Boston and Tampa Bay, not really for them) tomorrow, and on Wednesday the season ends.  Game notes:  Pedro Florimon knocked in two runs today with his major-league hit, a double to center field.  Brad Bergesen relieved Matusz and didn't do much to stop the bleeding. He gave up three runs in just one inning.  Jake Fox, another bench player who gets forgotten about on a regular basis, had two hits and a walk today, and scored two runs.  Robert Andino only had one hit today, but he did take three (THREE!) walks.    
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 6, Red Sox 3                                                             Red Sox Stagger, Trip and Fall Into a Tie  By HARVEY ARATONSEPT. 26, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       David Ortiz argued after being called out in the third inning against the Orioles in Baltimore.   Credit             Rob Carr/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  BALTIMORE — Boston Red Sox fans were already making their presence felt by midafternoon Monday, in the bars across the street from Camden Yards, or circling the ballpark perimeter, red-shirted and red-faced over their sad September state of affairs.Dan Skiba of Stoughton, Mass., had driven down with four friends, fellow Patriots ticket-holders and Red Sox loyalists, a one-day getaway planned long before the ghost of the Bambino — thought to be permanently busted — began reacquainting itself with Fenway Park.“We didn’t think we’d be seeing a meaningful game,” he said. “Now there’s all this anxiety.”“And what’s worse is that we have to root for the Yankees,” said Gina Targhetta of Framingham, Mass. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      A third member of the group, Steve Bruno of Brimfield, Mass., summed up the feelings of Red Sox Nation by wearing a promotional T-shirt for a surf shop on Cape Cod. On the back, it said, “Sick Day.” On the front was a small illustration of a person hunched over a toilet bowl.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Welcome to the final series of the regular season, one in which the Red Sox are close to flushing away a season that once brimmed with championship optimism, one that found them with a nine-game lead over Tampa Bay in the American League wild-card race as recently as Sept. 4.Now they are tied after Josh Beckett and the Sox were beaten Monday night by the Orioles, 6-3, while the Rays beat the Yankees, 5-2, in St. Petersburg. The wave of nausea that has swept New England keeps getting worse.“We rely so much on Beckett,” Red Sox Manager Terry Francona said disconsolately, knowing he is down to Erik Bedard on Tuesday and Jon Lester on short rest Wednesday against a team that has beaten Boston in four of the last five games.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  For those hoping the Yankees would ease the burden on the Sox by taking care of the resurgent Rays, Francona suggested the Sox and their fans refrain from scoreboard watching. That seemed like good advice when the Yankees trotted out Hector Noesi to start Monday, a clear demonstration of priorities.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “They can do whatever they want,” Francona said. “They played themselves into that position. I wish we had done that. They have an obligation to do what’s in their best interests.” Photo       Jacoby Ellsbury crashed into the wall as he was trying to catch a ball hit by Robert Andino in the sixth inning.  Credit             Joe Giza/Reuters           Inside the Red Sox’ clubhouse, the Yankees’ best interests were a matter of some debate, or wishful thinking.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Adrian Gonzalez went far enough to say that the Yankees would be “playing with fire” if they “let up on the gas pedal,” even for the final three games after clinching the A.L. East and home field in the playoffs during the last week.“If any team goes into a series and plays not to win, it can hurt you,” Gonzalez said. “All ballplayers know that. You go into the playoffs and you may not be able to just turn it on again.” [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    Hoping to yet make lemonade from the steady drip of dreadful baseball the Red Sox have played since the start of the month, Gonzalez maintained that they might even be better for it if they manage to survive the week to start all over again in the division series.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “It always helps going into the postseason to have played meaningful games, intense games,” he said. “We’ve done that now for the last 7-10 days. We haven’t won many of them. But what we’ve got to remember is that we played great baseball for most of the season, and that’s what got us in this position to get into the playoffs.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Their position weakened considerably when Beckett surrendered two home runs, the backbreaker a three-run inside-the-park drive to dead center by the Orioles’ ninth-place hitter, Robert Andino, to cap a four-run sixth. Jacoby Ellsbury got to the ball but dropped it when he hit the wall. Ellsbury crumpled to the ground, Andino circled the bases and the relay to the plate went past the catcher, Jarrod Saltalamacchia.“A fastball, right over the plate,” Beckett said. “We’ve got to win games. We’re not going to do it when the starting pitcher gives up six runs and most of the guys got in at 4 in the morning.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  That was courtesy of the Yankees, who dragged the Sox into the 14th inning late Sunday night in the one game Boston managed to win in New York.Distress has now enveloped the Red Sox like a bad soap opera. At least they had a noisy contingent of supporting fans, a majority of whom settled in the stands behind Boston’s third-base dugout, praying for the Sox to snap out of it and for a little help from their new friends on the west coast of Florida.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  They got neither. For Red Sox Nation, one bad omen follows another. For the Patriots fans who traveled here, it was the Brady bunch’s loss at Buffalo on Sunday afternoon that presaged more pain Monday night.“How do you blow a 21-0 lead?” Gina Targhetta said of the Patriots.To which Dan Skiba said, “How do you blow a nine-game lead in September?”The Sox have blown all of it now. Two games to go. Two games to redemption, or death.  A version of this article appears in print on September 27, 2011, on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: Red Sox Stagger, Trip and Fall Into a Tie.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          RAYS 5, YANKEES 2   Yankees Set Own Agenda as Division Rivals Battle to Finish SEPT. 26, 2011         ROUNDUP   Cardinals Lose to Astros And Fail to Tie the Braves SEPT. 26, 2011                       
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Rays 5, Yankees 2                                                             Yanks Set Own Agenda as Division Rivals Battle to Finish  By DAVID WALDSTEINSEPT. 26, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Russell Martin proving he had the ball after tagging Evan Longoria to end the third as Tampa tried a double steal. Johnny Damon was out trying to steal second.  Credit             J. Meric/Getty Images            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — It was a night for cheering at Tropicana Field on Monday — for the exploits on the field and for events taking place in Baltimore that were illuminated on the out-of-town scoreboard.Even though the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Yankees, 5-2, in front of 18,772 dedicated fans, the biggest cheer seemed to emanate from the Rays’ clubhouse, where the entire Rays team, including coaches, trainers and attendants, watched with delight as the Baltimore Orioles defeated the collapsing Boston Red Sox, 6-3.When the final out was made, a roar went up and the Rays were tied with Boston for first place in the American League wild-card race.“It’s weird when you win and then you are rooting for somebody to lose,” third baseman Evan Longoria said. “But at this point, we need a little help, and that was some big help today.” Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      The Rays’ effort — highlighted by eight and two-thirds splendid innings from James Shields, and a remarkable diving catch by left fielder Desmond Jennings on Derek Jeter’s fly ball in the seventh — gave Tampa Bay its first piece of the wild-card lead since May 23.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Center fielder B. J. Upton had a two-run double and Johnny Damon, the former Yankee and Red Sox star, added two R.B.I. for the surging Rays, who have won four of their last five games.“This is our playoffs,” Shields said. “It’s already begun.”There are now only two games remaining in the regular season, and perhaps no team has been as much a part of this unexpected rendezvous in the standings between the Rays and the Red Sox than the Yankees.They are a pace car leading the field. On Saturday the Yankees had grabbed every possible regular-season plum, including the East title and home-field advantage through the first two rounds of the playoffs. Photo       Rays first baseman Casey Kotchman tagged out Eduardo Nunez as Tampa Bay won, 5-2, to pull into a tie for the wild-card lead.  Credit             Steve Nesius/Reuters           The Red Sox appeared to have saved their season by beating the Yankees in 14 innings Sunday night, but still lost two of three games at Yankee Stadium, taking a one-game advantage over the Rays into the final series of the season. It was a nine-game lead over the Rays on Sept. 2. The Rays had lost three of four games to the Yankees last week at Yankee Stadium, but facing them again they played with an extra sizzle that only a team fighting for the playoffs can muster.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said his first priority in the final few games is to get his team ready for the postseason. That includes some rest for the exhausted, especially pitchers. But it also means maintaining precision timing and a sharpened focus for his players.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  That is why Jeter, Alex Rodriguez, Curtis Granderson, Robinson Cano and Brett Gardner played the entire game. Girardi’s choices from out of the bullpen — Phil Hughes, George Kontos and Andrew Brackman — had a different feel to it. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    “It’s definitely probably a different mind-set,” Rays Manager Joe Maddon said of the Yankees approach. “But I’ve got to give them a lot of credit. I watched a little bit over the weekend and I watched tonight. These guys are not mailing anything in at this particular moment. They’re playing their typical game.”There was some evidence of the Yankees competitive fire still burning in the fifth inning when starting catcher Russell Martin was ejected by the home plate umpire Paul Schreiber for arguing balls and strikes.And Jeter, who hit two balls to the warning track, looked absolutely stunned at Jennings’s marvelous catch.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “That’s one of the best catches I’ve ever seen,” Shields said. “I think he did a 100-yard dash before he caught it.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Shields started off a little shaky, giving up a first-inning home run to Cano, who had another R.B.I. in the third. But after that Shields knocked over a cup of coffee in the dugout and it spilled all over his uniform. He went back into the clubhouse and changed, and after that he was almost flawless.Just as it was with the cheering on Monday, a lot of the action seemed to take place in the clubhouse.Inside pitchCatcher Francisco Cervelli, who is recovering from a concussion, felt the symptoms return after doing some catching work and likely will be shut down for the rest of the season. Cervelli sustained the concussion Sept. 8. Jorge Posada and Jesus Montero were working out in full gear before the game. ... Joe Girardi expressed some discontent with the playoff format, which begins Friday for the Yankees. “It is kind of weird,” he said. “The only thing I question is not having two days off before the playoffs.”  A version of this article appears in print on September 27, 2011, on Page B15 of the New York edition with the headline: Yanks Set Own Agenda as Division Rivals Battle to Finish.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage      ORIOLES 6, RED SOX 3   Red Sox Fall Into Tie for Wild Card SEPT. 26, 2011         ROUNDUP   Cardinals Lose to Astros And Fail to Tie the Braves SEPT. 26, 2011                       
6  Wow. There was just a lot of awesomeness tonight. The Red Sox continued their plummet, the Orioles continued their hot September, Robert Andino hit an inside-the-park home run the first time his dad ever came to see him play professional baseball, and of course, the Rays won as well, tying things up in the wild-card race.  Normally, with Josh Beckett on the mound against the Orioles in September would be the recipe for disaster, but in the bizarro world that is September 2011, it didn't really matter.  The game started off poorly for O's starter Tommy Hunter, as two walks and a single in the first inning loaded the bases with two outs, but a fly ball out from Jed Lowrie ended the inning. The Red Sox got on the board in the second inning when a double by Jacoby Ellsbury knocked in J.D. Drew, but the Orioles got that right back in the bottom of the inning courtesy of Matt Wieters' 21st home run of the year.  Lowrie homered to lead off the fourth inning, but in the bottom of the fifth Chris Davis singled in the tying run. The O's loaded the bases with only one out after Davis' single, but J.J. Hardy and Nick Markakis couldn't break open the game.     Tommy Hunter's pulled groin was acting up and so, despite his fine pitching, he came out of the game after five innings. Thankfully the O's bullpen was more than up for the task. Troy Patton retired all five batters he faced, and he was followed by Willie Eyre, Clay Rapada, and Pedro Strop, none of whom allowed a run.     The Orioles went ahead to stay in the sixth inning with four runs against Beckett. After Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single, Wieters lined out Adam Jones struck out. But Mark Reynolds walked to put two runners on for Davis, who lined a double to left field. The ball rattled around in the corner and Vlad scored easily. Reynolds would have scored as well, but he fell down rounding third and had to go back.  With a runner on third and two down, Robert Andino came to the plate. The cameras had panned to Andino's father in the stands several times during the game, and the adorable Mr. Andino watched eagerly as his son stood in the batters box. Dino his a fly ball to deep center field. Jacoby Ellsbury raced back, back, back, and jumped up to get the ball. For a second it looked like he made an outstanding catch,  but when he crashed into the wall the ball popped out of his glove. Reynolds had already scored easily and Dino flew around the bases. The throw home was a good one and it short hopped Jarrod Saltalamacchia. Salty couldn't handle it and Andino scored easily. Just awesome!     That made the score 6-2 in favor of the Orioles. Matt Angle tried to bunt for a base hit to extend the inning, but he was thrown out. When the game came back from commercial, Mr. Andino was in the stands calling everyone he knew to tell them about Robbie's inside the parker. It was fantastic.  Jim Johnson came in to close the game and he got into trouble, hitting Ellsbury and balking him over to second where scored on a single by Dustin Pedroia. But he got out of it and struck out Jed Lowrie to end the game. The Rays defeated the Yankees several minutes before the O's game ended, and so they broadcast this game on the jumbotron in Tampa so that the fans there could cheer the Orioles to victory.  You know, it's not the playoffs, and what I really want more than anything is for the Orioles to be good again. But baseball has been fun the last few weeks, and for an Orioles fan in September 2011, I'll take it.   
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Rays 5, Yankees 3                                                             With Yankees Looking Ahead, the Rays Keep Pace  By DAVID WALDSTEINSEPT. 27, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Tampa Bay Rays first baseman Sean Rodriguez makes the final out of a triple play in the sixth inning.  Credit             Brian Blanco/European Pressphoto Agency            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — The most critical moments of the Boston Red Sox season flickered on television in the Tampa Bay Rays’ clubhouse. Most players sipped beer and rooted loudly for their new favorite team, the Baltimore Orioles.But as Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon made one tense pitch after another in the ninth inning, Johnny Damon, who won championships with the Red Sox and the Yankees, stood at his locker answering questions for seven minutes and never once even glanced at the television.The Rays had just defeated the Yankees, 5-3, in dramatic fashion Tuesday night — with a late three-run homer and a triple play — to ensure that no matter what happened on that screen, the Rays still controlled their wild-card destiny. Asked if he was interested in watching events unfolding in Baltimore, Damon shook his head.“No, I’m actually ready to go home,” he said, and quickly walked out the door.One pitch later, Papelbon put the Orioles away, 8-7. After 161 games the Red Sox and Rays are deadlocked at 90-71. If a one-game playoff is needed after Wednesday, Game 163 will be played here Thursday afternoon to determine the American League wild card. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “All we can control right now is getting a good night’s rest,” said Damon, who was 1 for 4 and passed Lou Gehrig for 57th place on the career hits list with 2,722. Photo       Matt Joyce, right, celebrating with B. J. Upton after his three-run homer in the seventh off Rafael Soriano provided the Rays' winning runs.  Credit             Chris O'Meara/Associated Press           It will be a well-deserved rest after Tuesday’s game, in which the Rays rallied to beat a Yankees team that continues to use most of its best players.Manager Joe Girardi sent out his regular lineup (minus Derek Jeter) and used all of his best relievers. Stars like Alex Rodriguez, Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano played most of the game, and Rafael Soriano, Dave Robertson and Mariano Rivera were all summoned from the bullpen.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In a game that meant nothing to the Yankees, other than a chance to fine-tune their players as they prepare for Game 1 of their division series Friday, no one could say they weren’t trying. It was just that the Rays were, understandably, trying harder.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  With the Rays trailing, 3-2, and knowing that the Red Sox held a lead in the eighth inning, right fielder Matt Joyce hit a three-run home run off Soriano, the former Rays closer, in the bottom of the seventh.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  With the blast, the biggest of Joyce’s young career, the fans lurched to their feet and sent a deafening noise reverberating under the Tropicana Field dome.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “You don’t get that feeling a lot,” Joyce said, “that kind of adrenaline with the fans going crazy and stuff. It’s really exciting.” Photo       The Rays' Johnny Damon after singling in the second for his 2,722nd hit to pass Lou Gehrig on the career list.  Credit             Chris O'Meara/Associated Press           With 22,820 fans in attendance — almost 4,000 more than the previous night — the ballpark was more energized than the night before when the Rays beat the Yankees to draw even with the Red Sox. With everything perhaps riding on one more game, Wednesday’s crowd should be even larger, and louder.The crowd came to life in the eventful sixth, when the Yankees took the lead and loaded the bases with nobody out. But catcher Russell Martin, who had homered in the third, hit a bouncer right to Evan Longoria, who fielded the ball with his right foot on third base. He fired to second, where Ben Zobrist made the relay to first, ahead of the diving Martin.It was the 25th triple play the Yankees had hit into and the first since 2000. It was the third triple play in the Rays’ history, and the first in five years. [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    It was a special play, worthy of a special run in what is developing into another very special season for Tampa.“This game is amazing,” Damon said. “You never know what to expect when you go to the ballpark every single day. But we did some pretty good stuff.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  INSIDE PITCHThe Yankees unveiled a new lineup Saturday in which Robinson Cano hit third and Mark Teixeira fifth. Joe Girardi said he would most likely continue with that format into the playoffs against right-handers. ...General Manager Brian Cashman met with his coaching staff to discuss the playoff roster but nothing was completed, Cashman said. Among the unresolved issues was who would start Game 3 of the first playoff series. They also have not determined who will start Wednesday’s game, but Rays Manager Joe Maddon said he had no problem with that. ... The Yankees will open the playoffs Friday at the Stadium, with an 8:37 p.m. start. They will face the Detroit Tigers or the Texas Rangers.  A version of this article appears in print on September 28, 2011, on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: A FIGHT TO THE FINISH.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage          ON BASEBALL   Red Sox and Rays Tied Heading Into Final Day SEPT. 27, 2011         BATS   Girardi Flips Cano and Teixeira in Yankees Lineup SEPT. 27, 2011              Ichiro Suzuki’s Streak of Consecutive 200-Hit Seasons Nears End SEPT. 27, 2011         BATS   At High Volume, and Higher Salary, Ozzie Guillen Is On The Move SEPT. 27, 2011                       
2  I blogged last week about the Orioles being able to play spoilers. I never imagined it could be this good. Tuesday night the orioles have the chance to beat my least favorite team, with my least favorite pitcher on the mound. With Monday nights win against the Red Sox and the Rays beating the Yankees, the wild card race is all tied up with 2 games left for each team. The Orioles will face Eric Bedard, my absolute least favorite person in sports, with the opportunity of knocking them out of the playoffs. Even if the Orioles lose the next 2 games, if the Rays hold serve at home there will be a 1 game playoff and the Red Sox will be pitching their 3 best pitchers in this series. If the Orioles happen to sweep the Red Sox they will get to 70 wins. Not the type of meaningful games in September i was looking for, but this will have to do.  var addthis_product = 'wpp-261'; var addthis_config = {"data_track_clickback":true};if (typeof(addthis_share) == "undefined"){ addthis_share = {"url_transforms":{"shorten":{"twitter":"bitly"}},"shorteners":{"bitly":{"login":"cbslocal","apiKey":"R_bfe2742f79bb4091b0fcfbdf5c6a81ca"}}};}  
3 View photosBoston Red Sox's David Ortiz, center, reacts after home plate umpire Laz Diaz called Ortiz striking out looking in the third inning of a baseball game on Monday, Sept. 26, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Boston Red Sox have finally fallen all the way back to pack, and now they've got only two games left to make it right.The Red Sox found another way to lose, this time on a broken-bat single and an inside-the-park homer, and their 6-3 defeat against the Baltimore Orioles on Monday night dropped them into a tie in the AL wild-card race.Boston's 17th loss in 22 games enabled Tampa Bay to pull even in the duel for the league's final playoff spot. The Rays, who beat the New York Yankees 5-2, trailed by nine games after play on Sept. 3.The Red Sox had either stood atop the AL East or led the wild-card race every day since before play on May 24.In spite of the epic collapse, Boston can squeeze into the playoffs by winning its last two games. Then, at worst, the Red Sox will face the Rays in a one-game playoff."We win every game, we're in the playoffs," right fielder Adrian Gonzalez said. "It's definitely in our hands."Problem is, the Red Sox haven't won two in a row since August."We've backed ourselves about as far as we can go," manager Terry Francona said.With the score 2-all in the sixth inning, Boston starter Josh Beckett (13-7) allowed four runs in an uprising that began with Vladimir Guerrero becoming the career hits leader among Dominican-born players.Guerrero broke a tie with Julio Franco by bouncing a single up the middle, his 2,587th career hit. The 36-year-old Guerrero then stole second base, and after a two-out walk to Mark Reynolds, Chris Davis broke his bat hitting a soft liner to right that brought home the go-ahead run."I didn't make pitches when I needed to," Beckett said. "I tried to bounce a changeup to Davis there and I leave it up and he serves it to right field."Robert Andino followed with a deep fly to center that Jacoby Ellsbury had in his glove before crashing into the wall. Andino sprinted around the bases and made it home as the relay throw bounced past catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia.Boston loaded the bases with one out in the eighth, but Pedro Strop struck out Saltalamacchia and retired Marco Scutaro on a grounder.Although Dustin Pedroia hit an RBI single in the ninth, the Red Sox stranded two runners and fell to 6-19 in September, the second-worst record in the majors behind the Minnesota Twins. It's also Boston's second worst September, behind a 4-18 mark in 1926, according to STATS LLC.Jed Lowrie homered for the Red Sox, whose September swoon includes four losses in five games against Baltimore.Beckett allowed six runs and seven hits in six innings. The right-hander won four straight decisions before losing to the Orioles twice in six days."We've got to win games, and we're not going to do it when your starting pitcher gives up six runs," Beckett said.Troy Patton (2-1) retired all five batters he faced after entering for starter Tommy Hunter, who gave up one earned run in five innings."It's a relentless lineup, and that's why I'm so proud of our pitchers," Orioles manager Buck Showalter said. "Tommy gave us what he had today. He was barking pretty good there the last inning or so with the groin (injury)."Boston placed runners on second and third with two outs in the first before Hunter issued an intentional walk to Gonzalez and retired Lowrie on a fly ball. The Red Sox bounced back with an unearned run in the second on a two-out throwing error by rookie left fielder Matt Angle.Matt Wieters tied it in the bottom half with an opposite-field drive into the left-field seats. Wieters has 21 homers this year after totaling 20 in his first two big league seasons.Lowrie led off the fourth with his sixth home run, the third against Baltimore. Boston then got runners on the corners with two outs before Nick Markakis made a sliding catch of Carl Crawford's sinking liner to right.The Orioles drew even at 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by Davis. But with the bases loaded and one out, Beckett retired J.J. Hardy on a popup and struck out Markakis.NOTES: Boston C Jason Varitek was a late scratch. He took a ball off his left knee in Sunday's second game against New York. He was replaced by Saltalamacchia, who left in the eighth when struck near the throat by a foul ball. ... Showalter received in-house treatment for an ankle injury early in the game but was back by the second inning. ... Ellsbury's second-inning double extended his hitting streak against Baltimore to 34 games, longest by a Red Sox player against another team in the history of the franchise. ... Francona said he hasn't decided who will start Wednesday's game. It could be 15-game winner Jon Lester on three days rest. ... Former Oriole Erik Bedard (5-9) will pitch for the Red Sox on Tuesday against rookie Zach Britton (11-10). 
3 View photosBoston Red Sox's David Ortiz, center, reacts after home plate umpire Laz Diaz called Ortiz striking out looking in the third inning of a baseball game on Monday, Sept. 26, 2011, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — Vladimir Guerrero reached first base, flashed his trademark smile and doffed his batting helmet to the crowd.Soon after setting the record for career hits by a Dominican-born player, the Baltimore Orioles designated hitter scored the go-ahead run in a 6-3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Monday night.Guerrero broke a tie with Julio Franco with his 2,587th hit. It took him 16 seasons to do it, compared to 23 for Franco."I played a lot of years, so it felt very good, satisfying to get that hit," Guerrero said through an interpreter.The single played a key role in helping the Orioles drop Boston into a tie for the AL wild-card lead.Boston's 17th loss in 22 games enabled Tampa Bay to finally pull even in the duel for the league's final playoff spot. The Rays, who beat the New York Yankees 5-2, trailed by nine games after play on Sept. 3.With the score 2-all in the sixth inning, Boston starter Josh Beckett (13-7) allowed four runs in an uprising that began with Guerrero bouncing a grounder up the middle. The 36-year-old Guerrero then stole second base, and after a two-out walk to Mark Reynolds, Chris Davis broke his bat hitting a soft liner to right that made it 3-2.Robert Andino followed with a deep fly to center that Jacoby Ellsbury had in his glove before crashing into the wall. Andino sprinted around the bases and made it home as the relay throw bounced past catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia."It's a precious moment," Andino said. "Not too many people get an inside-the-park home run. It's a one-in-a-million."Boston loaded the bases with one out in the eighth, but Pedro Strop struck out Saltalamacchia and retired Marco Scutaro on a grounder.Although Dustin Pedroia hit an RBI single in a run in the ninth, the Red Sox stranded two runners and fell short in their bid to win a second straight game for the first time since Aug. 27. Boston is 6-19 in September, the second-worst record in the majors behind the Minnesota Twins. It's also the Red Sox's second worst September ever with only a 4-18 mark in 1926 surpassing it according to STATS LLC.Jed Lowrie homered for the Red Sox, whose September swoon includes four losses in five games against Baltimore.Beckett allowed six runs and seven hits in six innings. The right-hander won four straight decisions before losing to the Orioles twice in six days.Troy Patton (2-1) retired all five batters he faced after entering for starter Tommy Hunter, who gave up one earned run in five innings.Boston placed runners on second and third with two outs in the first before Hunter issued an intentional walk to Adrian Gonzalez and retired Lowrie on a fly ball. The Red Sox bounced back with an unearned run in the second on a two-out throwing error by rookie left fielder Matt Angle.Matt Wieters tied it in the bottom half with an opposite-field drive into the left-field seats. Wieters has 21 homers this year after totaling 20 in his first two big league seasons.Lowrie led off the fourth with his sixth home run, the third against Baltimore. Boston then got runners on the corners with two outs before Nick Markakis made a sliding catch of Carl Crawford's sinking liner to right.The Orioles drew even at 2 in the fifth on an RBI single by Davis. But with the bases loaded and one out, Beckett retired J.J. Hardy on a popup and struck out Markakis.NOTES: Boston C Jason Varitek was a late scratch. He took a ball off his left knee in Sunday's second game against New York. He was replaced by Saltalamacchia, who left in the eighth when struck near the throat by a foul ball. ... Baltimore manager Buck Showalter received in-house treatment for an ankle injury early in the game but was back by the second inning. ... Ellsbury's second-inning double extended his hitting streak against Baltimore to 34 games, longest by a Red Sox player against another team in the history of the franchise. ... Manager Terry Francona said he hasn't decided who will start Wednesday's game. It could be 15-game winner Jon Lester on three days rest. ... Former Oriole Erik Bedard (5-9) will pitch for the Red Sox on Tuesday against rookie Zach Britton (11-10). 
0      Supported by    Baseball |                            Orioles 4, Red Sox 3                                                             One Out Away, Red Sox Lose to Seal September Meltdown  By HARVEY ARATONSEPT. 28, 2011    Continue reading the main story Share This Page  Continue reading the main story                  if (             window.magnum             && window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('headlineBalancer') > 0             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize             && window.magnum.headlineBalancer.shouldRun()         ) {             window.magnum.headlineBalancer.initialize();         }         Photo       Boston Red Sox third baseman Mike Aviles watched the Orioles celebrate after the Red Sox blew a one-run lead in the ninth inning.  Credit             Patrick Semansky/Associated Press            (function () {         var figure, fragment, storyHeader;         var html, header, headline, storyMeta, mediaActionOverlay, supportedBy;         var story = document.getElementById('story');         var adAggro = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('adAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-pro-agro') === 'pro-4');         var adAggro2 = window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggro') !== -1 &&             (window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-10' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-8' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-6' ||             window.NYTD.Abra('www-story-1427-ad-aggro') === 'pro-4');          if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') === -1         ) {                 // only run this test if it's large or jumbo horizontal lede media                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 if (figure.className.indexOf('layout-large-horizontal') === -1 && figure.className.indexOf('layout-jumbo-horizontal') === -1) {                     require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                         require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                             tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                                 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 {                                     'module': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                     'region': 'not-running-pro-topper-ad-test'                                 },                                 'interaction'                             );                         });                     });                      return;                 }                 document.documentElement.className += ' article-has-layout-large-horizontal';                  // delete supported by                 supportedBy = document.querySelectorAll('.supported-by')[0];                 if (supportedBy) {                         supportedBy.parentNode.removeChild(supportedBy);                 }                  fragment = document.createDocumentFragment(); // this will be the top ad                 fragment.appendChild(document.getElementById('TopAd'));                  storyHeader = document.getElementById('story-header');                 if (storyHeader.nextSibling) {                   storyHeader.parentNode.insertBefore(fragment, storyHeader.nextSibling);                 }                 else {                   storyHeader.parentNode.appendChild(fragment);                 }                  document.getElementById('TopAd').style.display = 'block';                 document.getElementById('TopAd').style.marginBottom = '45px';         } // end ad if           if ((adAggro || adAggro2) &&             document.documentElement.className.indexOf('article-has-layout-large-horizontal') !== -1         ) {                  html = document.documentElement;                 header = document.getElementById('story-header');                 figure = document.querySelectorAll('.lede.photo')[0];                 headline = document.getElementById('headline');                 storyMeta = document.getElementById('story-meta');                  mediaActionOverlay = figure.getElementsByClassName("media-action-overlay")[0];                  html.className += ' has-cover-media';                  story.className += " has-headline-image-topper bleed-align-left";                  header.appendChild(figure);              if (window.magnum.getFlags().indexOf('story1427AdAggroTracking') !== -1) {                 require(['foundation/main'], function (main) {                     require(['foundation/tracking/tracking-mixin'], function (tracking) {                         tracking.trackingTriggerRaw(                             'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                             {                                 'module': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test',                                 'region': 'running-pro-topper-ad-test'                             },                             'interaction'                         );                     });                 });             }          } })();  BALTIMORE — There has been great cruelty and suffering for the Boston Red Sox and their famed nation across the decades. But seldom has a bizarre set of circumstances ever occurred that left them with the sick and sinking feeling they had shortly after the clock struck midnight Wednesday night at Camden Yards.Taking a one-run lead into the ninth inning against the Baltimore Orioles, one out away from a 3-2 victory and an extension of their season, closer Jonathan Papelbon surrendered three straight hits as the Red Sox dropped a 4-3 decision to put their postseason fate into the hands of the Yankees in St. Petersburg, Fla.Moments later, Evan Longoria homered to give the Tampa Bay Rays an 8-7 victory in 12 innings and the American League wild-card berth, finishing off a historic collapse by the Red Sox, who led the Rays by nine games on Sept. 4.If anything, the final night of the regular season turned out to be a microcosm of the month for the Red Sox and the Rays. The ending was especially stunning as Carl Crawford — the Red Sox’ $142 million free-agent left fielder taken from the Rays — failed to catch a sinking liner off the bat of Robert Andino, sending Nolan Reimold home with the winning run. Continue reading the main story        Advertisement  Continue reading the main story      “I knew I couldn’t dive for it, had to get under it,” Crawford said. “I think the ball tipped my glove. I don’t think I’ve ever been part of something like this. It will go down as one of the worst collapses in history.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Having lost 20 of 27 September games, the Red Sox will suffer a long, cold winter mulling over countless what-ifs.“We had 161 other games besides this one to get into the playoffs,” said the second baseman Dustin Pedroia, whose home run had given the Red Sox their 3-2 lead in the fifth. “We didn’t. It’s our fault. It wasn’t just this game.”But from this excruciating game, the Red Sox will remember being unable to push across an insurance run or two against the Baltimore bullpen in the eighth and ninth innings Wednesday night.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  In the eighth, shortstop Marco Scutaro turned to see if a drive into left-center field by Crawford would be caught and his hesitation led to him being thrown out at the plate. In the ninth, the Red Sox failed to score after putting men on first and third with none out.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  “We wanted so desperately to win,” said Red Sox Manager Terry Francona, whose two-year option on his expiring contract has not been picked up yet by the Red Sox. “We just couldn’t hold on.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Their night began so promisingly, the good news from the west coast of Florida flashing in their faces on the scoreboard in right field. The Yankees took a 5-0 lead over the Rays when Mark Teixeira hit a grand slam in the second inning. The Boston fans in the crowd let out a roar that might have cracked a few warehouse windows.The Rays, later falling behind by 7-0, had to be on the way down, and if they were, all the Red Sox had to do was defeat the Orioles, the annoying but lowly, last-place Orioles, and they would be home free, on the postseason road. Photo       The Red Sox' Marco Scutaro scoring on a fourth-inning balk.  Credit             Rob Carr/Getty Images           “We got a lot of destinations possible tonight,” Francona had said before the game. “We’ll be happy to go anywhere but Boston.”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  But this wildest of wild-card nights would include a 1-hour 26-minute seventh-inning rain delay during which the Red Sox watched the Rays rally for 6 runs in the eighth on the multiple television screens hanging in their clubhouse. When the rain stopped and the tarp was removed, they reappeared in their dugout just in time to see that Mariano Rivera was not on to close for the Yankees and to witness Dan Johnson’s pinch-hit home run with two outs that sent the game into extra innings.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Has there ever been a more unusual night in the history of the Red Sox-Yankees rivalry without them setting foot on the same field? [{"headline":"Sports","summary":"Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, delivered to your inbox every week.","product-code":"SP","product-title":"Sports","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/sports?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=SP&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Race\/Related Newsletter","summary":"Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with New York Times journalists.","product-code":"RR","product-title":"Race Related","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/race-related?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=new&contentId=RR&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"},{"headline":"Your Money","summary":"Every week, get tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest.","product-code":"MY","product-title":"Your Money","sample-url":"http:\/\/www.nytimes.com\/newsletters\/sample\/your-money?pgtype=subscriptionspage&version=business&contentId=MY&eventName=sample&module=newsletter-sign-up"}]      Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.    Sign Up        Receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.      Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email. View all New York Times newsletters.   See Sample Manage Email Preferences Not you? Privacy Policy    All the Red Sox had wanted was a chance to play on, even if it had to be a 163rd game against the Rays in St. Petersburg. To that end, Boston’s executive vice president and general manager, Theo Epstein, was said to be exploring the possibility of claiming a starting pitcher off waivers — Fox Sports reported them considering the Kansas City left-hander Bruce Chen.Convention and summerlong form had abandoned the Red Sox during a steep slide that left them tied with the Rays. Francona’s lineup reflected their desperation. Jon Lester was pitching on three days’ rest, and he provided six solid innings. Ryan Lavarnway, the September call-up who started at catcher Tuesday night by default and hit the first two home runs of his major league career, was behind the plate again despite the availability of the semi-regular Jarrod Saltalamacchia.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lavarnway hit fifth against the Orioles’ right-hander Alfredo Simon while Crawford batted eighth, his contract notwithstanding.“Right now what we do as a team is so much more important than what we do individually,” said Francona, with the mind-set of a franchise teetering on the abyss.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Lavarnway did not get a big hit but he acquitted himself well when Scutaro fielded a fifth-inning bouncer by Reimold and threw out Mark Reynolds trying to score from third.Scutaro also made a terrific play in the sixth. With two on and none out, he ranged far to his left for Vladimir Guerrero’s grounder and flipped behind him to Pedroia to start a 6-4-3 double play. The Rays were still losing. The Red Sox had every reason to believe.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Big trouble seemed to be brewing for the Red Sox when Alfredo Aceves — a former Yankee in the ever-thickening plot — hit two batters when play resumed in the seventh. But Aceves struck out Andino and got the troublesome J. J. Hardy on a bouncer before giving way to Daniel Bard in the eighth and Papelbon in the ninth, when it all went awry.  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  Papelbon struck out the first two hitters he faced before Chris Davis smacked a double to deep right. He got two strikes Reimold, who drove an outside fastball into the right-center gap for a ground-rule double. Then came Andino’s drive toward Crawford, whose inability to catch it concluded a dismal first season in Boston.While the Orioles celebrated, the Red Sox trudged into their clubhouse, just in time to see Longoria’s second home run of the game in St. Petersburg officially end their season.  Asked for a reaction to the extraordinary circumstances, Papelbon said, “What do you expect my reaction to be?”  Advertisement  Continue reading the main story  His wide-eyed, almost shell-shocked look said it all.  A version of this article appears in print on September 29, 2011, on Page B11 of the New York edition with the headline: One Out Away, Red Sox Lose To Seal September Meltdown.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe     Continue reading the main story       We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.        Related Coverage        slideshow     Baseball’s Wild Card Race SEPT. 28, 2011          Wild Card Nail-Biters SEPT. 29, 2011         RAYS 8, YANKEES 7, 12 INNINGS    Rays Cap Unlikely Journey to Playoffs SEPT. 29, 2011          A-Rod’s Right Knee Acts Up as Playoffs Near SEPT. 28, 2011         METS 3, REDS 0   Mets’ Reyes Hits, Then Sits, Then Celebrates Batting Title SEPT. 28, 2011                                   
3 View photosBoston Red Sox's Ryan Lavarnway, left, walks away from home plate with teammates David Ortiz, second from left, and Adrian Gonzalez after Lavarnway drove the two in on a home run in the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday, Sept. 27, 2011, in Baltimore. At right is Orioles catcher Matt Wieters. (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)MoreBALTIMORE (AP) — The Boston Red Sox celebrated a rare September victory for about 20 minutes before turning their attention toward their next game — the last and most important of the 162-game schedule.The Red Sox maintained a share of the AL wild-card lead Tuesday night, using four home runs to beat the Baltimore Orioles 8-7 and set up a dramatic conclusion to the regular season.The skidding Red Sox were 6-19 this month before rebounding to edge the last-place Orioles. The win, combined with Tampa Bay's 5-3 victory over the New York Yankees, kept Boston and the Rays tied with one game left.After blowing a nine-game lead in the span of 23 days, the Red Sox will send Jon Lester (15-9) to the mound against Baltimore on Wednesday night in an effort to get into the postseason for the fourth time in five years. Lester, Boston's winningest pitcher, will be throwing on three days' rest.A month ago, the Red Sox would shudder at the prospect of a must-win situation on the final day. But here they are, and they intend to make the best of it."I think it's really good for baseball, not so good for my stomach," manager Terry Francona said. "It's exciting. If you don't want to show up (Wednesday) and play, you've got no pulse. My goodness, I can't remember being that nervous in a long time. Go back to the hotel and not sleep, and then show up and see what we can do."Boston will be looking to put together its first winning streak since sweeping a doubleheader from Oakland on Aug. 27. If the Rays and Red Sox remain tied after Wednesday, Tampa Bay will host a one-game playoff Thursday."Everybody's been watching the scoreboard and knowing that we need to win tonight so we can come back (Wednesday) and fight through it again," Boston slugger David Ortiz said. "I hope if I'm still here next year we can make it easier. We're playing like this is a playoff already."Rookie Ryan Lavarnway became the unlikeliest of heroes for Boston, hitting his first two major league homers after being thrust into the lineup because of injuries to catchers Jarrod Saltalamacchia (sore collarbone) and Jason Varitek (knee).Lavarnway, a Yale philosophy major who never played a big league game before August, hit a three-run drive in the fourth inning and added a solo shot for an 8-4 lead in the eighth."Besides what he did offensively, I thought he ran the game, I thought he had a lot of poise," Francona said. "That was one of the more exciting things to watch. We've seen a lot of interesting things here over the years, but that was right near the top."Lavarnway said, "It feels good, but the job's not done. We still got to go out (Wednesday) and win another ballgame."Jacoby Ellsbury and Marco Scutaro also connected for Boston, which scored all its runs on home runs.Alfredo Aceves (10-2) pitched 3 2-3 innings of three-hit relief for the Red Sox, who survived homers from Baltimore's Matt Wieters and Adam Jones.After the Orioles scored twice in the eighth off Daniel Bard to make it 8-6, Jonathan Papelbon survived a hectic ninth for his 31st save. Wieters drove in a run with a grounder and Baltimore had the potential tying run at second with two outs before Jones grounded out on a 3-2 pitch."Everything we got, we needed," Francona said. "We hung on for dear life."Said Jones: "We battled down to the final pitch. That's the way I live. You know we ain't going to quit."Pitching at Camden Yards for the first time since being traded by Baltimore to Seattle in February 2008, Boston starter Erik Bedard gave up three runs and five hits in 3 1-3 innings. The left-hander struck out six but needed 84 pitches to get 10 outs.Bedard retired the first two batters without difficulty, then walked Nick Markakis and yielded an RBI double to Vladimir Guerrero to fall behind 1-0.Boston took the lead in the third against rookie Zach Britton (11-11) when Scutaro hit a two-out double and Ellsbury followed with his 32nd homer. Ellsbury has hit in 35 straight games against the Orioles, a streak that began on April 17, 2009.Lavarnway connected on a 3-2 pitch in the fourth following singles by Ortiz and Adrian Gonzalez. Wieters answered in the bottom half with his 22nd home run, the second in two nights, to make it 5-3.A triple by Carl Crawford and Scutaro's homer off Jason Berken made it 7-3 in the sixth. Jones led off the bottom half with a homer off Aceves.NOTES: Boston's Jed Lowrie started in the cleanup spot for the first time in his career. He went 0 for 5 with two strikeouts. ... Saltalamacchia was available if needed. Before the game he said, "I feel good, I feel like I can perform, but if it takes today to be 100 percent tomorrow, then that's what we'll do." ... Francona said RHP Clay Buchholz, who's on the 60-day DL with a back strain, could find his way onto the postseason roster. ... For the second time in two nights, play was interrupted when a fan ran onto the field. ... Boston starters have a 7.28 ERA in September. ... Alfredo Simon will pitch Wednesday for the Orioles. 
